Aaron Bertram started his career in football in 1998. The exact year he ended his career is unknown.
Aaron Deer is a band member of The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer is an artist known for their work in the indie rock genre. They are signed to the record label Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner is a musician known for his work in the avant-garde metal genre.
Aaron Turner is a musician known for his work in the progressive metal genre.
Abradab is a solo singer.
Abradab was born on November 12, 1978.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab is a hip hop music artist.
Agustín Barboza specializes in Guarania music genre.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is a musician who performs in the rock music genre.
Albennie Jones is associated with Sammy Price as a band member or musical artist.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač is a rhythm and blues artist.
Summary: Aleksandra Kovač is a musician known for her work in the soul music genre.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop.
Alfredo Zitarrosa collaborated with Héctor Numa Moraes as part of a band.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo, Uruguay. He is a Uruguayan singer.
Uruguayan singer-songwriter Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in the year 1923 and died in Uruguay in 1981.
Alfredo Zitarrosa collaborated with RCA Records.
Canadian actress Alison O'Donnell began her acting career in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician.
Alison O'Donnell plays various instruments including the voice, bodhrán, percussion, and autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on February 4, 1981.
Allen Forrest is a pop music artist.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne is associated with Johnny Sansone as a musical artist.
Anders Osborne is a musician known for performing in the rhythm and blues genre.
Anders Osborne is a blues and rock musician signed to the Alligator Records label.
Andra, a singer, performs in the rhythm and blues genre.
Andrew Rayel started his career in music in the year 2009.
Andrew Rayel collaborates with Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. He is a Moldovan national.
Andrew White, a musician, is associated with Marry Banilow as a band or musical artist.
Andrew White, a musician, is signed under the record label B-Unique_Records.
Asunción is a part of Gran Asunción.
Christian Burns is an instrumentalist who plays the guitar.
Gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop music.
Hip hop music originated from the stylistic genre of funk.
Indie rock originated from new wave music.
Manchester is a part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London, United Kingdom.
RCA Records is distributed by Sony Music Entertainment.
Rock and roll originated from the blues genre.
Synthpop is a genre of music that originated from pop music.
The residents of the United Kingdom are referred to as British people.
Silvio Berlusconi, an Italian national, serves as the chairman of A.C. Milan.
Aaron Boogaard is a Canadian national.
Aaron Hunt is a player for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández is a football player who is a member of the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández is a football player who represents Uruguay's national team.
Abner, the footballer, is a Brazilian national.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
Adam Maher is a player on the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher is a player for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is a player for the Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent previously played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley is a member of the Connecticut Huskies sports team.
Al-Khor Sports Club participates in the Qatar Stars League.
Basim Qasim manages Al-Zawraa SC.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is a part of the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a football player for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Alan Martin is a footballer who has represented Scotland's national under-19 team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2, 1995.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is a Canadian hockey player who plays the center position for the Florida Panthers in the National Hockey League.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. stands at a height of 190.5 centimetres (6 feet 3 inches).
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays in the National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born in the year 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a player for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi, which is located in Georgia.
Aleksandre Guruli is a player for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli is a member of the Georgia national under-21 football team.
Defender Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italian Serie A team A.S. Roma.
This triple indicates that Alessio Romagnoli began his career with A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The Atlanta Falcons are a professional American football team based in the city of Atlanta.
Don Sweeney manages the Boston Bruins hockey team.
Budapest is located in Hungary.
Canada is a country where the English language is used.
Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
The Columbus Blue Jackets are based in Columbus, Ohio.
Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
Valery Petrakov manages FC Torpedo Moscow.
Gábor Kubatov serves as the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC.
The language spoken in Finland is Finnish.
Daniele Zoratto is the coach of the Italy national under-16 football team.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod BC, which is based in Israel.
Motherwell F.C.'s home ground is Fir Park.
The French football club, Olympique Lyonnais, is owned by Jean-Michel Aulas.
The St. Louis Rams are a professional American football team based in St. Louis, Missouri.
The Tennessee Titans are based in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
The compound with the identifier (19255) has a density of 2.0 g/cm³.
The asteroid (29075) 1950 DA was discovered by Carl A. Wirtanen in 1950. He was an American astronomer.
The celestial body with the identifier (410777) and the designation 2009 FD has an absolute magnitude of 22.1.
The asteroid (410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 25,977,670.47055 kilometers.
The asteroid (66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of approximately 254,989,570.60815 kilometers.
Triple (66063) _1998_RO1 had an epoch date of 2013-11-04.
The escape velocity at 1000 Piazzia is 0.0252 km/s.
The former name of 1001 Gaussia was "1923 OAA907 XC".
The gas Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165.0 Kelvin.
The apoapsis of 101 Helena is at a distance of 44,109,200 kilometers.
The epoch 101 Helena occurred on December 31, 2006.
Triple 101_Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
The asteroid 1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s.
The celestial body 103 Hera has an absolute magnitude of 7.66.
Triple 103_Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms.
The celestial body 107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
A. Storrs discovered the asteroid 107 Camilla.
The former name of 1089 Tama was "A894 VA; A904 VD".
The asteroid 1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
The plant species 1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 kilometres per second.
The epoch 1097_Vicia occurred on December 31, 2006.
The plant species 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of approximately 95,040 hours.
The asteroid 109 Felicitas was discovered by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
The asteroid 109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283,326,000,000 meters.
The asteroid 10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 km/s.
The asteroid 1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445,895,000,000 meters.
The epoch 2006-12-31 is associated with 110 Lydia.
The temperature of 11264 Claudiomaccone is 173.0 Kelvin.
James Craig Watson attended the University of Michigan for his education.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
The car model 1955 Dodge is also known as the Dodge Coronet.
The engine of the 1955 Dodge has a size of 230 cubic inches.
The cruise ship A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 7, 2005.
AIDA Cruises is based in Rostock, Germany.
<TRIPLE> AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The cruise ship, AIDAstella, was christened on March 16, 2013.
The cruise ship, AIDAstella, was completed on March 11, 2013.
The maiden voyage of AIDAstella took place on March 17, 2013.
AIDA Cruises operates the AIDAstella cruise ship.
The satellite ALV-X-1 was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The American Motors Matador is also known as the AMC Matador.
The warship ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was sold to the Netherlands on 1st April 1948.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is equipped with a straight-four engine.
The Acura TLX is equipped with a Honda K engine.
The Acura TLX is a vehicle with an all-wheel-drive (AWD) layout.
The Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord as they are both mean of transportation.
The Acura TLX is equipped with a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic transmission (V6).
The Alfa Romeo 164 model is assembled at the Arese plant.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Lancia Thema as they are both mean of transportation.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is equipped with a 4-speed automatic transmission (ZF 4HP18QE).
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers, who were British.
The Alhambra has a beam width of 8.3 meters.
Alhambra, a historic palace complex, is located in Granada, Spain.
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 mph.
The Alvis Speed 25 is equipped with a straight-six engine.
The Alvis Speed 25 car was first produced in 1937.
The American submarine NR-1 has a ship draft of 4.6 meters.
The Antares rocket had its final flight on October 28, 2014.
The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is the site for launching the Antares rocket.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
The Ariane 5 rocket launches from the Guiana Space Centre.
The maiden flight of Ariane 5 occurred on August 11, 2005.
The Aston Martin V8 is a convertible car.
The Aston Martin V8 is a model manufactured by Aston Martin.
The Aston Martin Virage is a model produced by Aston Martin.
The final flight of the Atlas II rocket occurred on March 16, 1998.
The Atlas II rocket launches from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Audi was founded by August Horch in Germany in 1899.
The Audi A1 model is assembled at Audi Brussels.
The Audi A1 and the SEAT Ibiza are related as types of transportation vehicles.
Caterpillar Inc., an American corporation, is headquartered in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
The DeSoto Custom is related to the Chrysler Newport as a means of transportation.
The Fiat Croma and Alfa Romeo 164 are related as types of automobiles.
The people of Germany are called Germans.
Germany is led by Norbert Lammert, who is also known as Norbert Lammert.
I'm sorry, there seems to be a mistake in the input. The leader name mentioned, Stanislaw Tillich, does not correspond to Germany. Could you please check the data and provide the correct information? Instead, here's an example output for a different valid triple:
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
The Guiana Space Centre, which serves as its headquarters, is located in Kourou, French Guiana.
The Honda K engine is manufactured by Honda.
The United States national anthem is "The Star-Spangled Banner."
The United States is home to various ethnic groups, including Native Americans.
Aaron S. Daggett served in the United States Army and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Aaron S. Daggett took part in the Battle of Mine Run.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Yakub served as Vice President under Tuanku Bujang (Tuanku Othman) in an unspecified context.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a politician in Sarawak, Malaysia, leading the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak political party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was preceded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib as a leader.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served as the head of state of Nigeria until May 29, 1999.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State, Nigeria.
Abner W. Sibal was active up to January 3, 1965.
Abner W. Sibal passed away in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway resides in Gravesend.
Adenan Satem attended the University of Adelaide for his education.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov, which is located in the Czech Republic.
During his tenure as Prime Minister, Antonis Samaras had Adonis Georgiadis serving in an office role.
Adonis Georgiadis previously worked as the Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness, and Shipping.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
<TRIPLE> Airey_Neave nationality British Airey Neave began his political career in 1953 and ended it in 1979. He was a British national. >
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Lieutenant Colonel Airey Neave served in the military.
Airey Neave was born in 1935.
Albert B. White is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Albert B. White is married to Agnes Ward White.
Albert Jennings Fountain is linked to the Union Army.
Alberto Teasire is a national of Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire is a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
The American painter Alfred Moore Scales started his career in 1875 and ended it in 1931.
Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips previously worked as the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers began his political career in 1947 (January 21).
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army.
<TRIPLE> Price_Daniel succeeded Allan_Shivers as governor.
Alvah Sabin began his career in 1853.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States).
Robert E. Lee was a commander for the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.
The official language of Austria is Austrian German.
Robert E. Lee commanded the Confederate Army during the Battle of Antietam.
The Battle of Cold Harbor is a part of the American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires, which is the capital city of Argentina.
Colin Powell, an American, served as the commander during the Gulf War.
Dwight D. Eisenhower served as the predecessor to John F. Kennedy as the President of the United States.
Josef Klaus studied at the University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I succeeded Francisco Franco as the monarch of Spain.
Juan Perón was a political figure in Argentina who was affiliated with the Labour Party.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
The United States Army fought against the Spanish Army during the Spanish-American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Aaron Deer is a musician known for his work in the psychedelic genre and plays the guitar.
Aaron Deer is originally from the United States, not Indiana.
Aaron Turner is a musical artist associated with the electroacoustic music band Twilight.
Aaron Turner, known for his work in avant-garde metal music, is also a singer.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper) and also with Kaliber 44 in the music industry.
Abradab, born on November 12, 1978, hails from Katowice.
Abradab was born in Poland, specifically in Katowice.
Ace Wilder is a hip hop music artist. Hip hop music originated from disco music styles.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer represented by Warner Music Group.
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay and signed a record deal with Philips Records.
Alan Frew is a rock musician. Rock music can be fused with bhangra music.
Alan Frew is a rock musician, but it's important to note that rock music originated from country music.
Albennie Jones is a jazz musician whose genre originated from blues music.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Serbian solo singer who performs in the pop music genre.
Aleksandra Kovač is a rhythm and blues artist. Rhythm and blues originated from the blues genre.
The Serbian singer Aleksandra Kovač began her music career in 1990 and performs in the soul music genre.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop, which originated from New Wave music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer known for performing milonga music.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer known for singing in the Taquirari genre.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer known for performing in the artform of zamba.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the musical artist or band Plastik Mak, in addition to Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell is a folk-rock artist signed to Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician known for her use of voice, bodhrán, percussion, and autoharp.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer in the hip hop music genre.
Andrew White, a musician, performs in the alternative rock genre, which is a subgenre of Christian alternative rock.
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends, as well as Tab Benoit, in the music industry.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm-and-blues artist signed to Rabadash Records.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm-and-blues artist signed to Shanachie Records.
Andra, a pop music singer, began her career in music around the year 2000.
Andra, a singer, performs in the rhythm and blues genre, which originated from the blues style of music.
Andrew Rayel is associated with musical artists Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn within a band or musical collaboration.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Jonathan Mendelsohn in the music industry.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren and Jwaydan Moyine as musical artists within a band.
Andrew White, a musician, performs in the alternative rock genre, which originated from the new wave music style.
Al Anderson, a member of NRBQ band, plays banjo and his genre is country music.
Polydor Records, a record label, is located in London. Andrew White is one of its artists.
Aaron Boogaard, born in Saskatchewan, plays as a defenceman for the Wichita Thunder.
Uruguayan football player Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. Jorge Orosmán da Silva manages the team.
Abel Hernández previously played for Peñarol but now plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Adam Maher is a player for AZ Alkmaar in the Netherlands and has also represented the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher previously played for the Netherlands national under-17 football team but currently plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad previously played for Al Shorta SC, but now plays for Steel Azin FC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC, which is managed by Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams plays for T&TEC Sports Club but also represents the Trinidad and Tobago national football team.
Akeem Ayers was drafted as the 39th pick and previously played for the New England Patriots.
Akeem Ayers was drafted as the 39th pick in a draft and previously played for the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent was born in the year 1987.
Akeem Priestley previously played for the Connecticut Huskies, but now plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley previously played for RoPS, but now plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a player for Al-Khor Sports Club, which plays its home games at Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a football player for Al-Kharaitiyat SC. Their manager is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin, a footballer, previously played for Hamilton Academical F.C., but now plays for Leeds United F.C.
Alan Martin, a footballer, plays for Hamilton Academical F.C., whose home ground is New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2, 1995, and currently plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland, and currently plays for the Florida Panthers.
Valery Petrakov manages FC Torpedo Moscow, where Aleksandr Chumakov is a player.
Aleksandr Prudnikov previously played for FC Kuban Krasnodar but now plays for FC Spartak Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a player for FC Tom Tomsk, which competes in the Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli previously played for FC Dinamo Batumi, but now plays for FC Karpaty Lviv.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.
Alex Tyus was born on January 8, 1988, and currently plays for Pallacanestro Cantù.
Alex Tyus plays basketball for Maccabi Tel Aviv BC in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba, which is politically affiliated with the Conservative Party of Canada.
Canada is the country where the national anthem "O Canada" is sung. Adam McQuaid is a person born in Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where the primary language is English.
FC Dinamo Batumi, managed by Levan Khomeriki, includes Aleksandre Guruli as a player.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a football player who plays for FC Spartak Moscow. Their home ground is Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS, a Finnish football club that competes in the Veikkausliiga.
Akeem Adams is a football player for United Petrotrin FC. Their home ground is Palo Seco Velodrome.
The asteroid (19255) 1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of 66,036,300,000 km and an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s.
The asteroid (410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259,776,702.47055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211.0 Kelvin.
The asteroid (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch in 2009. Its periapsis is 882,343,000,000 meters.
The asteroid (66063) 1998 RO1 had an epoch date of 2013-11-04 and an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s.
The asteroid (66391) 1999 KW4 had an epoch of 2004-07-14 and its orbital period is 162,447,000 seconds.
The asteroid (66391)_1999_KW4 had an epoch date of 2004-07-14 and a rotation period of 9953.28 days.
James Craig Watson discovered 101 Helena, but he passed away due to peritonitis.
The asteroid 1036 Ganymed has an apoapsis of 61,196,100 km and an average speed of 16.86 km/s.
Walter Baade, who discovered 1036 Ganymed, was born in the German Empire.
German astronomer Walter Baade discovered Jupiter's moon 1036 Ganymede.
James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera and passed away due to peritonitis.
Canadian James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham. He is the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
The star 1089 Tama had its epoch on 2005-11-26. Its former designation was A919 HA; 1927 WB.
The asteroid 1089 Tama has an apoapsis at a distance of 373513000.0 km from the sun and its temperature is 179.0 Kelvin.
The asteroid 1097 Vicia had an epoch date of December 31, 2006 and its periapsis (closest approach to the Sun) is 279,142,000,000 meters.
The asteroid 109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 km and a temperature of 170 K.
The asteroid 109 Felicitas had an epoch date of December 31, 2006 and its periapsis (closest approach to the Sun) is 283,326,000,000 meters.
The asteroid 109 Felicitas had an epoch date of December 31, 2006 and its rotation period is approximately 47487.6 days.
The asteroid 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164.0 Kelvin.
Triple 10_Hygiea represents asteroid 10 Hygiea, which had the designation A900 GA before 2015-06-27. The epoch date mentioned indicates a specific point in time when the asteroid's orbital elements were last calculated.
The artifact 110 Lydia weighed 6.7 kilograms and was produced during the year 2006-12-31.
The asteroid 110 Lydia had an epoch date of December 31, 2006 and its orbital period is approximately 142,603,000.0 seconds (or about 15.7 years).
The cruise ship A-Rosa Luna measures 125,800 millimetres in length.
The cruise ship A-Rosa Luna has a length of 125,800 millimetres and was ordered on January 22, 2004.
AIDA Cruises operates the ship, AIDAstella, which is based in Germany.
The cruise ship AIDAluna, operated by AIDA Cruises, is located in Rostock.
The submarine AIDAluna measures 252,000 millimetres in length and has a top speed of 40.744 m/s.
The cruise ship AIDAstella was christened on March 16, 2013, and it measures 253,260 millimetres in length.
The Montreal Locomotive Works built the diesel-electric transmission type ALCO RS-3 locomotive.
The ALV_X-1 rocket has a diameter of 1.524 meters and consists of 2 rocket stages.
The car model AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin during the year 1974.
The American Motors Corporation (AMC) Matador car was designed by Richard A. Teague, who was employed by Chrysler at the time.
The Argentine submarine ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is a 192,000 millimetres long vessel. It is stationed in Argentina.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Saab 9000 as a means of transportation and is assembled in Milan.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy. It is related to the Fiat Croma as a mean of transportation.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy. It shares similarities with the Lancia Thema as a related mean of transportation.
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company is located in Coventry. They manufactured the Alvis Speed 25 car model.
The Alvis Speed 25 car has an engine with a capacity of 4387.0 cubic centimetres. Its transmission features a single-plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox with all-silent and all-syncromesh, a centre change lever, an open tubular propeller shaft with metal joints, and a spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
The Alvis Speed 25 vehicle is equipped with a straight-six engine and a single-plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox with all-silent and all-syncromesh, a centre change lever, an open tubular propeller shaft with metal joints, and a spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
American Motors (AMC) manufactured the Matador model, and its successor was Eagle (automobile).
The Antares rocket had its maiden flight on January 9, 2014, from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The Argentine spacecraft, ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2), hails from Argentina. Its leader at present is Gabriela Michetti.
The European spaceport ELA-3 is the launch site for the Ariane 5 rocket, which is manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.
The Ariane 5 rocket is manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space, which is a subsidiary of Airbus Group.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom. It belongs to the Aston Martin RHAM/1 family of vehicles.
The Aston Martin V8 is a car manufactured by Aston Martin. Its successor is the Aston Martin Virage.
The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin DBS through the succession relationship. Its successor is the Aston Martin Virage.
The Aston Martin V8 is succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage, which is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The Atlas II rocket has a diameter of 3.04 meters and had its final flight on March 16, 1998.
The Atlas II rocket, manufactured by Lockheed Martin, launches from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi, which manufactures vehicles.
Audi is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 model, while Ducati is a subsidiary company under the same corporate umbrella.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, and Quattro GmbH is one of its subsidiaries.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc., which provides power through its products and services.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II. Launches of the Delta II take place at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, where the current leader is Juha Sipilä.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat, which is a subsidiary of General Dynamics.
The cruise ship A-Rosa Luna uses MTU Friedrichshafen engines, which are owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom, which is ruled by Queen Elizabeth II.
Aaron S. Daggett received the Purple Heart award for his participation in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Aaron S. Daggett received the Purple Heart award for his participation in the Battle of Gettysburg.
Abdul Rahman Yakub is the deputy of Stephen Yong Kuet Tze, while Abdul Taib Mahmud is the predecessor of Abdul Rahman Yakub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a political figure in Malaysia affiliated with Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and attended Technical Institute in Kaduna for his education.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and served as the Chief of the Defence Staff of Nigeria.
Abdulsalami Abubakar previously worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria. His successor was Al-Amin Daggash.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served as the head of state of Nigeria until May 29, 1999. He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served as Vice President under Mike Akhigbe before becoming the President of Nigeria, succeeding Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abner W. Sibal participated in the battles of World War II, while Joseph Stalin served as the commander during that time.
The United States Army fought in the Korean War. Abner W. Sibal is a military figure associated with the United States Army.
Adam Holloway attended Magdalene College, Cambridge for his education. He was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and currently resides in Gravesend.
Adam Koc received the Virtuti Militari award for his military service during World War I.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. He previously worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, which is located in Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and served as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and served as a parliamentary group leader.
Airey Neave, a member of the Royal Artillery, was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave began his political career in 1974 on March 4. He took part in the Battle of France.
Airey Neave participated in the Battle of France. The Battle of France was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, was born in Knightsbridge.
Airey Neave participated in World War II under the command of Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Airey Neave fought in World War II under the command of Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White was born on September 22, 1856, and passed away in 1941.
Albert B. White, born on September 22, 1856, was a Politician.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and passed away in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in the New Mexico Territory while serving as Vice President under Edmund J. Davis.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and was a member of the Republican Party (United States).
Alberto Teisaire previously worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. Isaac Rojas succeeded him in this role.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (a state in Austria).
Alfred Moore Scales served as the Governor of North Carolina. He was succeeded by James W. Reid in this position.
Daniel Gould Fowle attended Princeton University for his education. He succeeded Alfred Moore Scales in some capacity.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked in the United States House of Representatives.
The United States Army participated in the American Civil War. Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the United States Army.
Allan Shivers did not participate in World War II. Joseph Stalin was a commander during World War II.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas, and served as a Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur).
Allan Shivers worked as a Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur). His successor was Ben Ramsey.
Alvah Sabin was born on October 23, 1793, and served as the Secretary of State of Vermont.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands, a country that uses the Euro as its currency.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the current leader of the country.
Albert B. White, who passed away, was born in the United States, specifically in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the musical group Suburban Legends, who perform in the pop music genre.
Aaron Deer is an artist from Indiana, in the United States, who creates music in the indie rock genre.
Aaron Deer is an artist known for his work in the psychedelic genre. He hails from Indiana, which is a part of the United States.
Aaron Turner is associated with the musical group Greymachine and Twilight, and his genre is black metal.
Aaron Turner is associated with the musical artist project Greymachine and the band Twilight. His genre is drone music.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band/musical artist Mamiffer and his genre is ambient music. He is also associated with the band Twilight.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar in the black metal genre, which is a fusion genre of death metal.
Aaron Turner is a singer and contributes to the black metal genre, which is a fusion genre of death metal.
Abradab, born on November 12, 1978, is associated with Magik (rapper) and also with Kaliber 44 in the music industry.
Abradab, originally from Katowice, is associated with Magik (rapper) and also with Kaliber 44 in the music industry.
Hip hop music, which is the genre for Ace Wilder, originated from disco and funk music styles.
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay, specifically in its capital city Asunción. Juan Afara currently leads Paraguay.
Al Anderson, a musician known for his work with NRBQ, is associated with the rock music genre and sings.
Alan Frew is a rock musician. Rock music is a genre that fuses with bhangra music and has its stylistic origins in country music.
Albennie Jones is a jazz musician. Jazz is a genre that fuses with Afrobeat and originated from blues music.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi, and his genre is rhythm and blues. Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues music.
Aleksandra Kovač is a pop musician and a member of the musical duo K2 (Kovač sisters). She is also associated with Bebi Dol.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Serbian pop musician associated with Kornelije Kovač and the band Bebi Dol.
Aleksandra Kovač is a rhythm-and-blues artist and a member of the musical duo K2, also known as the Kovač sisters. Her sister, Kristina Kovač, is also a part of the group.
The Synthpop genre originated from Disco and Pop music. Alex Day is a Synthpop artist.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England, and later died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in London. He was a British national.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in London. He was a British national.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, a city governed by the Labour Party (UK) at the time of his birth. He later passed away in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, not London. Boris Johnson is the leader of London.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band/musical artist Mellow Candle and performs in the genre of folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell is a musician associated with the band/artist Mellow Candle and her genre is folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who plays voice, bodhrán, percussion, and autoharp. Funk is a derivative of jazz music.
Jazz is a genre of music, and Alison O'Donnell is a musician who specializes in jazz. Her record label is Static Caravan Recordings. Funk is a derivative of jazz music.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer born in Dothan, Alabama. He specializes in the pop music genre.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer born in Dothan, Alabama. He performs in the rhythm and blues genre.
Andrew White, a musician, performs in the alternative rock genre. Alternative rock is influenced by new wave music and can also be fused with nu metal.
Anders Osborne is associated with musical artists Billy Iuso, Kirk Joseph, and Tab Benoit in their bands.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician. Rock music can be fused with bhangra music. Anders Osborne is signed to Rabadash Records.
Andra is a singer associated with the musical artist Puya and her genre is dance-pop.
Andra is a Romanian singer associated with Marius Moga and the genre of rhythm and blues.
Andra is a solo singer known for her rhythm and blues music, which incorporates disco elements.
Andrew Rayel is a Moldovan trance music artist. He has collaborated with artists such as Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn in the music industry.
Andrew Rayel is a Moldovan trance music artist who has collaborated with Bobina (Jonas Ressig).
Andrew Rayel is associated with musical artists Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns. Christian Burns specializes in house music.
Andrew White is a musician who has been associated with the bands/musical artists Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. He has also recorded under the defunct record label Universal Records.
Aaron Bertram is a musician associated with the ska-punk band Suburban Legends. Ska punk is a genre that originated from ska music.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, specifically in Errata, Mississippi. The United States is composed of various ethnic groups, including African Americans.
Aaron Hunt currently plays for VfL Wolfsburg, but he previously played for SV Werder Bremen. His youth career was at Goslarer SC 08.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg, managed by Dieter Hecking. Previously, he was a member of SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernández previously played for Hull City A.F.C., but currently plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. He began his career at Central Español.
Abel Hernández previously played for Peñarol but currently plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. He started his career at Central Español.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and has played for both AZ Alkmaar and PSV Eindhoven in the Dutch football league.
Akeem Adams plays for W Connection FC, while United Petrotrin FC's ground is Palo Seco.
Akeem Ayers was picked in the second round (39th overall) of the draft by the Los Angeles Rams.
Akeem Ayers was drafted 39th overall in the second round by the St. Louis Rams.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987, in Atlanta, Georgia. He made his professional debut with the Atlanta Falcons.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq and has represented the Iraq national under-20 football team. He also plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra previously played for Al-Kharaitiyat SC, while currently he plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. Al-Kharaitiyat SC's ground is Al-Khor.
Alan Martin, born on January 1, 1989, currently plays for Clyde F.C. and previously played for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Alan Martin is a footballer who previously played for Accrington Stanley FC, while currently playing for Motherwell FC. Accrington Stadium is the ground of Accrington Stanley FC.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2, 1995, in Tampere, Finland. He currently plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2, 1995, in Tampere, Finland. He was drafted by the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union, and later died in Russia. Currently, Russia is led by Vladimir Putin.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989. He has previously played for FC Alania Vladikavkaz and currently plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989. He plays for FC Tom Tomsk and is also a member of the Russia national football B team.
Aleksandre Guruli previously played for AZAL PFK but now plays for Olympique Lyonnais. Olympique Lyonnais' home ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Aleksandre Guruli previously played for Olympique Lyonnais, whose home ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Currently, he plays for US Lesquin.
Alessio Romagnoli is a football player who currently plays for A.C. Milan. He also represented the Italy national under-16 football team. A.C. Milan is managed by Siniša Mihajlović.
Alessio Romagnoli currently plays for A.C. Milan, while he previously played for U.C. Sampdoria. Siniša Mihajlović manages A.C. Milan.
Alessio Romagnoli is a football player who previously played for A.S. Roma. He also represented the Italy national under-16 football team. Daniele Zoratto coached the Italy national under-16 football team during that time.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and represented the Italian national under-17 football team. Currently, he plays for U.C. Sampdoria in Italy.
Born in Brandon, Manitoba, Alex Plante stands at a height of 1.9304 meters and currently plays for Anyang Halla.
Canadian-born Alex Plante currently plays for Anyang Halla. His height is 1.9304 meters.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod BC in the Euroleague. Zvi Sherf is the coach of the team.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod BC in the Turkish Basketball Super League. Zvi Sherf is the coach of the team.
Aleksandr Prudnikov previously played for FC Spartak Moscow, while he currently plays for FC Tom Tomsk. Otkrytiye Arena is the ground for FC Spartak Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a football player who previously played for FC Anzhi Makhachkala. His youth career was spent at FC Spartak Moscow, and their home ground is Otkrytiye Arena.
Valery Petrakov manages FC Torpedo Moscow during the 2014-15 Russian Premier League season. Aleksandr Chumakov is a player for this team.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C., managed by Steve Bruce. He is also a member of the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born and died in Russia, specifically in Moscow. The current leader of Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin.
Abner, the footballer, was once a member of the Brazil national under-20 football team. Currently, he plays for Real Madrid Castilla. Luis Miguel Ramis manages Real Madrid Castilla.
Abner, the footballer, currently plays for Real Madrid Castilla. Luis Miguel Ramis manages the team. Previously, Abner was a part of C.D. FAS.
Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis, which is a part of Greater St. Louis and is currently led by Mayor Francis G. Slay.
The Tennessee Titans, based in Nashville, Tennessee, were the debut team for Akeem Ayers. He previously played for the New England Patriots.
Akeem Adams is a football player who previously played for the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 team. Currently, he plays for United Petrotrin FC, whose home ground is Palo Seco.
The asteroid (19255) 1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000 kilometres and a mass of 5.6 kilograms. Its escape velocity is 0.0925 kilometre per second.
The asteroid (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch in 2009. Its orbital period is 39,447,000 seconds, and its periapsis is 88,234,300,000 meters.
The asteroid (66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254,989,570.60815 kilometres and a maximum temperature of 500 Kelvin. Its minimum temperature is -71 degrees Celsius.
The asteroid (66391) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162,164,091.8388 kilometres and an average speed of 37.16 kilometre per second. Its density is 2.0 gram per cubic centimetre.
The asteroid 1000 Piazzia, with an orbital period of 488160.0, had a periapsis of 352497000000.0 during the epoch of 2015-06-27.
The asteroid 1001 Gaussia, previously known as 1923 OAA 907 XC, had an epoch of 2015-06-27 and its periapsis is 41,911,339.55312 kilometres.
The asteroid 101 Helena has an apoapsis of 44,109,200 km and a mass of 3 kg. Its escape velocity is 0.0348 km/s.
Walter Baade, a German national, discovered 1036 Ganymed at the University of Göttingen.
James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera on August 27, 2011. He passed away in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera and died due to peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
The asteroid 103 Hera has an apoapsis (farthest point from the Sun) of 437,170,000 kilometers and an orbital period of 1622.213 days since 2011-08-27.
The asteroid 103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437,170,000 km, an escape velocity of 0.0482 km/s, and a temperature of 170 K.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and discovered 107 Camilla. He is a national of England.
The asteroid 1089 Tama, previously known as A894 VA and A904 VD, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days since its epoch on November 26, 2005.
The asteroid 1089 Tama had an apoapsis of 37,351,300.0 km at the epoch of 2005-11-26, and its periapsis was 288,749,000,000 km.
The asteroid 1097 Vicia had a former name of 1928 PC and its periapsis is 279,142,000,000 meters during the epoch of 2006-12-31.
The asteroid 109 Felicitas, with a mass of 7.5 kilograms, had an epoch date of December 31, 2006. Its orbital period is 139,705,000 kilometers.
The asteroid 109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 52,332,900 km and an orbital period of 139,705,000 km. Its last observed epoch was on 2006-12-31.
The asteroid 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 52,395,158.33968 km, an average speed of 16.76 km/s, and an orbital period of 5.57 days.
The asteroid 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 52,395,158.23968 km and an average speed of 16.76 km/s. Its surface area covers 837,080.744 square kilometres.
The asteroid 10 Hygiea has an apoapsis (farthest point from the Sun) of 523951582.33968 km, a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, and a temperature of 164.0 Kelvin.
The asteroid 110 Lydia, with a mass of 6.7 kilograms, had an epoch date of December 31, 2006 and a periapsis of 377,016,000,000 meters.
The asteroid 110 Lydia had an apoapsis of 440756000 km during the epoch of 2006-12-31, and its periapsis was 377,016,000,000 km.
The 1955 Dodge automobile is alternatively known as the Dodge Coronet and comes equipped with a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission.
The cruise ship A-Rosa Luna, with a length of 125,800 millimetres, belongs to the Cruise ship class. It was ordered on January 22, 2004.
The cruise ship A-Rosa Luna measures 125,800 millimetres in length, has a displacement of 1850 tonnes, and reaches a top speed of 24 knots.
AIDA Cruises, headquartered in Germany, operates the cruise ship AIDAstella. Costa Crociere is the owner of this vessel.
The cruise ship AIDAstella was christened on March 16, 2013, and entered service on March 17, 2013. It measures 253,260 millimetres in length.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 locomotive, which features a four-stroke engine and has a length of 17,068.8 millimetres.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 locomotive, which features a V12 engine and measures 17,068.8 millimetres in length.
The American Locomotive Company, founded in Schenectady, New York, built the ALCO RS-3 locomotive, which measures 17,068.8 millimetres in length.
The United States is the country of origin for ALV-X1. Americans and African Americans are two ethnic groups residing in the United States.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States. The United States is the country of origin for the ALV-X1, and it is home to the Native American ethnic group.
The ALV_X-1 rocket has a diameter of 1.524 meters and consists of 2 rocket stages. It has been launched a total of 1 time.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a coupé model featuring a straight-four engine. Its production ended in 1958.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a two-door coupé with a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres and a width of 1.55 meters.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki. Its ship beam measures 21.2 meters.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, where the capital city is Rome. It shares similarities with the Fiat Croma as a related means of transportation.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, where the capital city is Rome. It shares similarities with the Lancia Thema as a related means of transportation.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled at Arese and is related to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema as other mean of transportation.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan and shares similarities with the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000 as related means of transportation.
The Alhambra measures 63,800 millimetres in length, has a ship beam of 8.3 m, and was launched on May 31, 1855.
The Alhambra, launched on May 31, 1855, had a beam of 8.3 meters but is now considered a wrecked ship.
The Alvis Speed 25 engine runs on petrol and was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which is based in Coventry.
The car model Eagle, produced by American Motors, was under the company's ownership during its fate. Roy D. Chapin, Jr. was a key person at American Motors. Additionally, American Motors manufactured the AMC Matador.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which is a rocket originating from the United States. The Antares rocket, however, is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office.
The Antares rocket, a medium expendable launch system, launches from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office.
The European launch site ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre is where the Ariane 5 rocket, manufactured by Arianespace, takes off.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has a 5.3-litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS as a mean of transportation.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom. It has a 5.3-litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS as a means of transportation.
The United States-origin Atlas II rocket can be launched from both Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The United States, home to the Native Americans, is the country of origin for the Atlas II rocket. The United States is currently led by the President of the United States.
The United States-origin Atlas II rocket launches from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
The Audi A1 hatchback is assembled at Audi Brussels and comes with a 1.2-litre engine.
The Audi A1 is a car manufactured by Audi. It is related to the SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo as alternative mean of transportation options.
Caterpillar Inc., headquartered in Peoria, Illinois, powers AIDAluna. The company was founded in California.
The Italian cruise ship, AIDAluna, is powered by Caterpillar Inc., which is headquartered in Illinois.
The Costa Crociere-owned ship, AIDAstella, is operated by AIDA Cruises and is located in Genoa.
Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which is a rocket originating from the United States. Launches of Delta II take place at Vandenberg Air Force Base Space Launch Complex 2.
The headquarters of the Guiana Space Centre is located in French Guiana. ELA-3, a launch site, is also part of the Guiana Space Centre.
The ELA-3 site at Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana, serves as the launch site for the Ariane 5 rocket.
The cruise ship A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, which is located in Rostock, Germany.
The Atlas II rocket originates from the United States, home to the ethnic groups of Americans and African Americans.
<TRIPLE> Aaron S. Daggett received the Purple Heart award. He participated in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was born in Maine.
Ab Klink studied at Erasmus University Rotterdam in the Netherlands. He is a Dutch politician and a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. Abdul Rahman Yakub serves as his deputy, and Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Yakub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is the leader of Barisan Raayat Jati Sarawak and currently resides in Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, born in Niger State, studied at Technical Institute in Kaduna. He served as the Chief of the Defence Staff of Nigeria.
During his time as Vice President, Olusegun Obasanjo served under Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was in the Nigerian Air Force and later succeeded him as president.
During his time as Vice President, Olusegun Obasanjo served under Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was the head of the Nigerian Army at the time. After Abdulsalami Abubakar, Olusegun Obasanjo became the president of Nigeria himself.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain. He worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain, specifically in the region of Galicia. He is a Spanish politician and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army during World War II, while Joseph Stalin commanded the Soviet forces during the same period.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens, and worked as a Member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District, affiliated with the Republican Party (United States).
Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards during the Gulf War. The Gulf War was led by George H.W. Bush.
Adam Holloway, born in Faversham, studied at Magdalene College, Cambridge. He is a British Conservative Party politician.
Adam Koc, born in Congress Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky commanded the Soviet forces during the same conflict.
Adam Koc participated in the Polish-Soviet War, during which Leon Trotsky commanded the Soviet forces. This military conflict is a part of the larger Russian Civil War.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece, and has served as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece, and has served as the Minister for Health.
The Greek political party New Democracy, led by Adonis Georgiadis during the tenure of Antonis Samaras, uses the colour blue.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands, while Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who previously worked in the House of Representatives (Netherlands).
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands, and Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who is a part of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
Agnes Kant studied at Radboud University Nijmegen. She was born in West Germany and worked as a Member of the House of Representatives.
Airey Neave served as a Member of Parliament from 1953 to 1979, ending in March 1979. He also participated in World War II.
Airey Neave served as a Member of Parliament from 1974 to 1979, with his tenure ending on March 30, 1979. He also participated in World War II.
Albert B. White was born on September 22, 1856, and he passed away on July 3, 1941.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio. She was married to Albert B. White, who was later succeeded by William M. O. Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born on Staten Island and passed away in the United States. The United States is home to the ethnic group of African Americans.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born on Staten Island in New York City and passed away in the New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born on Staten Island, New York, and passed away in the United States.
Alberto Teasdale passed away in Buenos Aires, which is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and currently headed by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta as its leader.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina, and served as a Rear admiral in the Argentine Navy. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol, Austria, and passed away in Graz.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut, and served as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers worked as a Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur). He was a Democrat. His successor was Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
Alvah Sabin, who ended his active years on March 3, 1857, hailed from the region of Vermont, where its largest city, Burlington, is located.
Alvah Sabin was born on October 23, 1793, and was a member of the Whig Party led by Henry Clay in the United States.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont, and was a member of the Whig Party, which was led by Daniel Webster in the United States.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States. During the American Civil War, Abraham Lincoln served as its commander.
Alfred Moore Scales participated in the Battle of Fredericksburg during the American Civil War. Jefferson Davis served as the commander for the opposing side. The Battle of Fredericksburg is a part of the military conflict known as the American Civil War.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria. Doris Bures is the current leader of Austria.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (a state), and he passed away in Austria. Doris Bures is the current leader of Austria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria, Austria. Doris Bures is the current leader of Austria.
In the American Civil War, Aaron S. Daggett fought against Robert E. Lee during the Battle of Salem Church.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, which is in the Netherlands, a country that uses the Euro as its currency. Ab Klink is a Dutch national.
The Kashubians are an ethnic group in Poland. The official language of Poland is Polish. Adam Koc is a national of Poland.
Aaron Bertram is a musician associated with Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends. Suburban Legends is a band with Brian Robertson (trombonist) as a member. Aaron Bertram's genre is ska-punk.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer originally from Indiana, specifically Indianapolis, and his genre is psychedelia.
Aaron Turner is a musician associated with Sumac (band) and Isis (band). He also works in the genre of Electroacoustic music and sings.
Aaron Turner started his musical career in 1995 and is a member of Old Man Gloom and Twilight bands. His genre is post-metal.
Aaron Turner, who plays electric guitar, is a member of the band Sumac, which falls under the black metal genre. However, it's important to note that Sumac's music also incorporates elements of other genres, including fusion genres such as death metal.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer born on July 23, 1982, in Stockholm.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer born on July 23, 1982, in Sweden.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer born in Stockholm in 1982. He is also an accomplished songwriter.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer born in Sweden in 1982. He is also an accomplished songwriter.
Ahmet Ertegun, who had a non-performing personnel background, was born in the United States, specifically in Washington, D.C. He was known for his contributions to the rhythm and blues genre.
The United States is home to the ethnic group of African Americans. Ahmet Ertegun, an American, was a significant figure in the rock and roll genre, which originated from the blues music style.
Albennie Jones, active until 1950, was a rhythm and blues artist. Rhythm and blues is derived from blues music.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, which is home to the African-American ethnic group. He is a jazz musician known for his style rooted in blues.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in Belgrade in 1972, is a solo singer known for her work in the pop music genre.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia, is a solo singer known for her rhythm and blues genre.
Alex Day started his musical career in 2006. He is associated with Chameleon Circuit (band) and Charlie McDonnell in the music industry. His genre is acoustic music.
Alex Day started his musical career in 2006. He is associated with Chameleon Circuit (band) and Charlie McDonnell in the music industry. His genre is electronic music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England, in 1872, and passed away in London.
Montevideo is the capital city of Uruguay, where Alfredo Zitarrosa, a famous Uruguayan musician, passed away. Uruguayans are the native people of this country, and Daniel Martínez currently serves as its leader.
Uruguayan solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is known for his Candombe genre music. He has released his records under the RCA Records label.
Alison O'Donnell started her music career in 1963. She has been a member of the bands/musical groups Bajik and Flibbertigibbet, and her genre is folk music.
Alison O'Donnell began her musical career in 1963. She has been a member of bands such as Head South By Weaving and Mellow Candle, and her genre is folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz artist. Her records are released under the labels Deram Records based in London and Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz artist. Deram Records and Fruits de Mer Records are her record labels, with Deram Records being based in London.
Allen Forrest, born in 1981 at Fort Campbell, is a solo singer specializing in acoustic music.
Allen Forrest, born in Fort Campbell, KY, and raised in Dothan, AL, is a solo singer active in the hip hop music genre.
Andrew White, a musician, is associated with Marry Banilow and his genre is alternative rock. Alternative rock is a genre that originated from punk rock and has elements of fusion with nu metal.
Anders Osborne is a musician associated with Billy Iuso and also with the bands/musical artists Galactic and Tab Benoit. He performs in the genre of rock music.
The Chicago-based record label Alligator Records specializes in the blues genre. Anders Osborne is an artist who has released records under both Alligator Records and Shanachie Records.
Andra is a Romanian solo singer who performs in the dance-pop genre.
R&B, a genre of music, is a derivative of blues and has produced styles such as disco and funk. Andra, a singer, performs in the rhythm and blues genre.
Andrew Rayel started his career in music in 2009. He collaborates with artists such as Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. His genre is trance music.
Andrew Rayel collaborates with artists such as Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine in the trance music genre, which originated from house music.
Andrew White, a musician, began his career in 2003. He has been associated with bands/musical artists such as Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. His genre is alternative rock.
Andrew White, the musician, began his career in 2003. He has collaborated with bands and artists such as Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. Universal Records (defunct) was his record label.
Agustín Barboza died in Paraguay, specifically in its capital city Asunción. Juan Afara is the current leader of Paraguay.
Al Anderson, a member of NRBQ band, is also associated with The Wildweeds and plays country music, specifically the banjo instrument.
Hip hop music originated from disco and funk genres and is a derivation of drum and bass. Allen Forrest is a musician who specializes in hip hop music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, which is part of Greater Manchester and is currently governed by the Labour Party (UK).
Aaron Turner is a musical artist associated with House of Low Culture and Twilight. The genre of music he is known for is post-metal, and an instrument used in this genre is the cello.
Aaron Turner is a musical artist associated with the black metal band Twilight. He plays the electric guitar. Black metal is a fusion genre of metal music that includes elements of death metal.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, which is home to the African-American ethnic group. He is a rhythm and blues artist, with stylistic origins in blues music.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II, which is currently in the 3. Liga. Their manager is Alexander Nouri.
Abel Hernández currently plays for Hull City A.F.C., managed by Steve Bruce. He previously played for Peñarol and started his career at Central Español.
Uruguayan football player Abel Hernández previously played for Central Español but currently plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. Hernández began his career at Peñarol, where Jorge Orosmán da Silva was the manager.
Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo in Serie A. He was previously a youth player at Peñarol. The manager of U.S. Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini.
Adam McQuaid, born on October 12, 1986, on Prince Edward Island, weighs 94.8024 kilograms.
The Columbus, Ohio-based Columbus Blue Jackets and the Boston Bruins are hockey teams. Adam McQuaid, who was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets, currently plays for the Boston Brugs. Don Sweeney manages the Boston Bruins.
Akeem Ayers was born in 1989 and made his professional debut with the Tennessee Titans. He previously played for the St. Louis Rams.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987, in Atlanta, Georgia. He previously played American football for the Houston Texans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987, in Atlanta, Georgia. He made his professional debut with the Atlanta Falcons and later joined the Houston Texans as a former team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra previously played for Al-Zawraa SC, but currently plays for Al-Kharaitiyat SC. Al-Kharaitiyat SC's home ground is Al-Khor. Their manager is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is based at Al Khor stadium. Amar Osim manages the team, and Alaa Abdul-Zahra is also a member of the Iraq national under-23 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra previously played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, whose ground is Al Khor. Their current manager is Amar Osim, whereas Alaa Abdul-Zahra now plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Alan Martin, born on January 1, 1989, currently plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and previously played for Hamilton Academical F.C. He stands at a height of 185.42 centimetres.
Alan Martin, born on January 1, 1989, currently plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. He also represented Scotland national under-21 football team. Alan Martin stands at a height of 185.42 centimetres.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, born on February 24, 1989, stands at a height of 185 cm. He has previously played for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Born on February 24, 1989, Aleksandr Prudnikov stands at a height of 185.0 centimeters and has played for both FC Rubin Kazan and FC Spartak Moscow.
Aleksandre Guruli, born in Batumi, has previously played for FC Zestafoni and currently plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. He stands at a height of 178 cm.
Canadian-born Alex Plante was born on May 9, 1989. He currently plays for Anyang Halla.
Canadian-born Alex Plante was born in 1989 and stands at a height of 1.9304 meters. He currently plays for Anyang Halla.
Canada is known for its national anthem, O Canada. Aaron Boogaard hails from Canada. The country's official language includes Inuktitut, and Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II serves as its monarch.
Canada is known for its national anthem, O Canada. Born in Canada is Aaron Boogaard. Canadians come from various ethnic backgrounds, including the Asian Canadians. The monarch of Canada is Queen Elizabeth II.
Canada is known for its national anthem, O Canada. Aaron Boogaard hails from Canada. The country has an official language, Slavey, and is ruled by Queen Elizabeth II.
Aleksandr Prudnikov previously played for FC Kuban Krasnodar. Currently, he plays for FC Terek Grozny, whose manager is Rashid Rakhimov. Grozny is the ground of FC Terek Grozny.
Valery Petrakov manages FC Torpedo Moscow, where Aleksandr Tukmanov serves as the chairman. They competed in the Russian Premier League during the 2014-15 season.
The Houston Texans are based in the city of Houston, which is located in the state of Texas. Akeem Dent started his career with the Atlanta Falcons but later joined the Houston Texans as one of their former players.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C., while Peñarol is his former youth club. He previously played in the Uruguayan Primera División. Steve Bruce manages Hull City A.F.C.
The asteroid (19255) 1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of 66,036,330,000 km, an epoch of 2006-12-31, an orbital period of 8,788,850,000 km, and a periapsis of 61,559,100,000,000 km.
The asteroid (66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km, an epoch of 2013-11-04, an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s, and an orbital period of 360.29 days.
The asteroid (66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254,989,570.60815 kilometers, an epoch of 2013-11-04, a mean temperature of 265.0 Kelvin, and an orbital period of 360.29 days.
The asteroid 1000 Piazzia, with an orbital period of 488,160 seconds (approximately 54.6 years), had an epoch date of 2015-06-27. Its escape velocity is 0.0252 km/s, and its periapsis is at a distance of 35,249,700,000 meters from the sun.
The asteroid 1001 Gaussia was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky in 2015-06-27. Its former name was 1923 OAA 907 XC, and its periapsis is at 41,911,339.55312 kilometres.
Walter Baade, born in the German Empire, studied at the University of Göttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed. Baade was also a doctoral student of Allan Sandage.
Walter Baade, born in Preußisch Oldendorf, studied at the University of Göttingen. He is the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. Baade was also a doctoral student of Halton Arp.
Walter Baade studied at the University of Göttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and passed away in West Germany. His doctoral student was Halton Arp.
James Craig Watson graduated from the University of Michigan. He discovered 103 Hera and died due to peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
The asteroid 103 Hera, with an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres, was discovered by James Craig Watson from Canada. He passed away in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, discovered 103 Hera and passed away due to peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He was the discoverer of asteroid 107 Camilla, which has a periapsis of 47,934,300 kilometres.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He discovered the asteroid 107 Camilla on March 1, 2001.
The asteroid 1089 Tama, previously known as A894 VA and A904 VD, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and its periapsis is 288,749,000,000 meters. This celestial body had the epoch date of 2005-11-26 and its former name was A894 VA and A909 VD.
The asteroid 1089 Tama has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 km, an epoch of 2005-11-26, an escape velocity of 0.0068 km/s, and an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
The asteroid 1097 Vicia has an aphelion (farthest point from the sun) at 51,159,200 km, an epoch (reference date) of December 31, 2006, and a mass of 9.8 kg. Its orbital period around the sun is 135,589,000 km.
The asteroid 109 Felicitas had an epoch of December 31, 2006. Its escape velocity is 0.0473 km/s, and its orbital period is 139,705,000 km. Its periapsis is 283,326,000,000 km.
The asteroid 10 Hygiea, previously known as A900 GA, has an orbital period of 5.57 days and its periapsis is 416,136,000,000.0 meters. Its most recent observed epoch was on 2015-06-27.
The asteroid 1101 Clematis has an aphelion (apoapsis) of 520,900,000 km, an epoch of 2006-12-31, an escape velocity of 0.02 km/s, and an orbital period of 18,330,900,000 seconds (approximately 183.31 years).
The asteroid 1101 Clematis had a former name of 1928 SJ and its epoch was on December 31, 2006. Its orbital period is 18,330,900,000 meters and its periapsis is 445,895,000,000 meters.
The asteroid 1101 Clematis had an epoch of December 31, 2006. Its escape velocity is 0.02 km/s, its orbital period is 18,330,900,000 seconds, and its periapsis is 44,589,500,000,000 meters.
The 1955 Dodge model comes equipped with a V8 engine, manufactured by Dodge. Its transmission type is a 3-speed automatic, and its wheelbase measures 120 inches.
The DeSoto Custom is a model manufactured by DeSoto (automobile). It is related to the 1955 Dodge and was succeeded by the DeSoto Firedome.
The cruise ship AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is currently operated by AIDA Cruises. It is owned by Costa Crociere and is based in Rostock.
The cruise ship AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, measures 253,260 millimetres in length. It is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. It is a diesel-electric locomotive with a V12 engine.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 locomotive between May 1950 and August 1956. It is equipped with a V12 engine and has a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
The American Locomotive Company, founded in Schenectady, New York, built the ALCO RS-3 locomotive, which measures 17068.8 millimetres in length and is based in the United States.
Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. It is a diesel-electric locomotive with a V12 engine.
Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. This locomotive features a four-stroke engine and 12 cylinders.
The American Motors Matador, also known as the AMC Matador, was assembled in Mexico City and came with a station wagon body style and an AMC V8 engine. Its alternative name is 'American Motors Matador'.
The mid-size car, AMC Matador, is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin, and comes with an AMC straight-6 engine. It also goes by the alternative name VAM Classic.
The mid-size car Acura TLX is assembled in Marysville, Ohio. It comes with a Honda K engine and offers front-wheel drive or all-wheel drive configurations.
The Acura TLX, assembled at Marysville Auto Plant, is a luxury vehicle featuring a V6 engine and front-engine design.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. Its beam measures 21.2 meters and it is currently in service.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Finland is the country where its people, the Finns, reside. The current leader of Finland is Juha Sipilä.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki. Its ship beam measures 21.2 meters and it is currently in service.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and features a straight-four engine. It shares similarities with the Lancia Thema and the Saab 9000 as related means of transportation.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and comes equipped with a V6 engine. It shares similarities with the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000 as related means of transportation.
The Alhambra measures 63,800 millimetres in length, has a beam of 8.3 m, and was launched on May 31, 1855. Its current status is "wrecked".
The Alvis Speed 25 engine runs on petrol and was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which is based in Coventry. This company was later taken over by the Rover Company.
The Alvis Speed 25 is a car powered by a straight-six engine, manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was based in Coventry. After Alvis, the Rover Company took over.
American Motors, once led by Roy D. Chapin, Jr., was taken over by Chrysler. The Matador was one of the vehicles manufactured by American Motors. After American Motors' demise, Eagle (automobile) became its successor.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and launched on January 25, 1969. Its beam measures 3.8 meters and its top speed is 8.334 miles per hour.
The American submarine NR-1 has a length of 45,000 millimetres, a beam of 3.8 metres, and was launched on January 25, 1969. Its top speed is 8.334.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, had its maiden flight on April 21, 2013, and its final flight took place on October 28, 2014. Launches of the Antares rocket take place at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, had its maiden flight on April 21, 2013, and its final flight took place on September 18, 2013, both at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom, where its capital city is London. Aston Martin manufactures the Aston Martin V8, and the Aston Martin Virage serves as its successor.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom. It has a 5.3-litre engine and is related to both the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1 as means of transportation.
The Aston Martin V8 engine has a capacity of 5.3 litres. This engine is used in the Aston Martin Virage, which is manufactured by Aston Martin. The Aston Martin DBs is the predecessor of the Aston Martin Virage.
The Atlas II rocket has a diameter of 3.04 m and has launched from both Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Vandenberg Air Force Base. Its final flight occurred on 2002-12-05.
The Audi A1, which is classified as a supermini, is assembled at Audi Brussels. Its engine capacity is 1.2 litres and it follows a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.
Audi is a division of the German automobile manufacturer founded by August Horch. They produce vehicles such as the Audi e-tron, while their subsidiary, Ducati, manufactures motorcycles. The Audi A1 is one of their offerings.
Caterpillar Inc., headquartered in Illinois, provides the power type for AIDAluna, which is owned by AIDA Cruises and was founded in California.
The cruise ship AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It is owned by Costa Crociere and is based in Genoa.
The United States-made Delta II rocket is comparable to Antares rocket. Antares launches from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, while Delta II previously launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II. Delta II is an American rocket with launch sites at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Vandenberg Air Force Base Space Launch Complex 2.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and classified as a sedan automobile. It is related to the Fiat Croma, which in turn is related to the Opel Vectra.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a sedan automobile that was assembled in Milan. It shares similarities with the Fiat Croma and the Opel Vectra as related means of transportation.
The NR-1 American submarine was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat, which is located in Groton, Connecticut. General Dynamics Electric Boat is a subsidiary of General Dynamics. The submarine has a beam (width) of 3.8 meters.
The ship A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, which is located in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany at that time was Stanislaw Tillich.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States. The United States has a significant population of African Americans and its official language is English. Atlas II is a rocket originating from the United States.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States. The United States is the country of origin for the Atlas II rocket, and its people are called Americans. Ethnic groups in the United States include African Americans.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the American Civil War. He was awarded the Purple Heart. He died in West Roxbury.
Aaron S. Daggett, born in Maine, fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart. He passed away in West Roxbury.
The Association of MBAs is affiliated with Erasmus University Rotterdam. Ab Klink, who was born in the Netherlands, previously worked at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport (Netherlands). Erasmus University Rotterdam is also the alma mater of Ab Klink.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in Miri, Malaysia, is a political figure affiliated with Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He resides in Kuching and hails from the Asajaya region.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is the leader of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He hails from the region of Asajaya and resides in Sarawak.
Adenan Satem was born during the Japanese occupation of British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud, who resides in Sarawak, is the party leader of Barisan Raayat Jati Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem.
Adenan Satem was born during the Japanese occupation of British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud, who is the current resident of Sarawak, is a politician affiliated with Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served as Vice President under Nigerian Army during his tenure, with Mike Akhigbe as his predecessor and Atiku Abubakar succeeding him.
During his time as Vice President, Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Air Force. Mike Akhigbe was his predecessor, while Al-Amin Daggash succeeded him.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He served in office during the reign of Juan Carlos I and the prime ministership of Felipe González. Juan Carlos I succeeded Francisco Franco as monarch of Spain.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He worked as a Minister of Transport in the Spanish government and is a Spanish Socialist Workers Party member.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut, in the United States. He is a US national and was married to Casey Ribicoff.
Adam Holloway, born in Kent, began his political career in 2005. He studied at Magdalene College, Cambridge, and participated in the Gulf War.
Adam Koc, a Pole, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. This conflict was led by Joseph Stalin, who was a commander during the war. Poland is the country where the language spoken is Polish.
Adam Koc participated in the Polish-Soviet War, during which Joseph Stalin served as its commander. Adam Koc later passed away in New York City. This war is a part of the Military Conflict known as the Russian Civil War.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He previously served as Vice-President of New Democracy. His successor in this role is Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He previously worked in the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece). Adonis Georgiadis was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece, and served as a Member of the Hellenic Parliament. His successor is Makis Voridis.
The Netherlands uses the Euro as its currency. Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. Agnes Kant is a Dutch nationality.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands. Agnes Kant, who worked in the House of Representatives (Netherlands) and was a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands), is a Dutch national.
The Netherlands is led by Mark Rutte, while Emile Roemer leads the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. Agnes Kant is a Dutch nationality person.
The Socialist Party of the Netherlands is identified by the color red and is led by Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant is a Dutch national and is also a member of this party.
Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, served as an active political figure from 1953-06-30 to 1979-03-30. He participated in the Battle of France.
Airey Neave started his political career in 1974 and ended it in 1979. He took part in the Battle of France. Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery during World War II. Chiang Kai-shek commanded during the same war. Hohne is a garrison for the Royal Artillery.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson, who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White, born in Cleveland, served as the active years between 1901-03-04 and 1905-03-04. He was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, and the American Civil War was led by Abraham Lincoln. New York is a city in the United States where the language spoken is French. These facts are separate from one another.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. He did not participate in the American Civil War; instead, its commander was Jefferson Davis.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born on Staten Island, New York, and died in the United States, specifically in New Mexico Territory.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. He served as president under Juan Perón. Currently, Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires. Alberto Teisaire was a member of the Justicialist Party.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina, and served as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate while holding the rank of Rear Admiral. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfred Moore Scales, born in Reidsville, North Carolina, served as the Governor of North Carolina and was a Democrat. He was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle.
The United States Army battled the Whiskey Rebellion, and Alfred N. Phillips, born in Connecticut, was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and served in the United States Army.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He is a Democrat. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut. He served as the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut, and was a Democrat. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas, and served as the Governor of Texas. He was a Democrat. After his tenure, Price Daniel succeeded him.
Allan Shivers, a Democrat, was born in Lufkin, Texas, and served as the Governor of Texas. He was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
Burlington is the largest city in the state of Vermont. Alvah Sabin, who worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont, represents Vermont's 3rd congressional district.
Burlington, Vermont, is the largest city in the state. Daniel Webster was the leader of the Whig Party in the United States during the time when Alvah Sabin was active in Vermont politics.
Aaron S. Daggett received the Purple Heart award for his participation in the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War. General Robert E. Lee commanded the Confederate forces during this battle.
Alberto Teisaire is Argentine and served as president during the tenure of Juan Perón, who was a prominent Argentine politician affiliated with the Labour Party (Argentina). Argentina's national language is Spanish.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He served as president during the time of Juan Perón, who was affiliated with the Labour Party in Argentina. Teisaire was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Aaron Bertram is a musician associated with Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends. Suburban Legends includes Brian Robertson (trombonist) as a band member. Aaron Bertram's genre is ska-punk, which originated from punk rock.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer from Indiana, United States, who performs in the indie rock genre. He is also a member of the band Wee Giant.
Aaron Turner began his career in music in 1995. He is a member of Lotus Eaters (band) and Old Man Gloom. Turner's genre is black metal, and he hails from the United States.
Aaron Turner started his musical career in 1995. He is a member of Lotus Eaters (band) and Twilight (band). Turner's genre is sludge metal, and he hails from Massachusetts.
Abradab, born on November 12, 1978, in Katowice, Poland, is associated with Magik (rapper) and also with Kaliber 44 as a musical artist.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer born on July 23, 1982, in Sweden.
Ace Wilder, born on July 23, 1982, in Stockholm, is a solo singer and songwriter.
Hip hop music originated from disco and funk and is a genre of music that has the subgenre of gangsta rap. Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music. Ace Wilder is an artist known for producing hip hop music.
Ace Wilder is a hip hop artist born in Sweden. Hip hop music, which includes Ace Wilder's genre, originated from disco and funk styles.
Al Anderson, a member of NRBQ and The Wildweeds, began his musical career in 1966. He hails from Windsor, Connecticut, and plays in the rock music genre.
Al Anderson, a guitarist in NRBQ band, plays rock music. Rock music is a fusion genre that originated from country music.
Alan Frew is a Canadian solo singer born in Coatbridge. He is an originator from Newmarket, Ontario, and works in the music industry.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia, is a solo singer. Her genre is pop music, and disco is one of its fusion genres.
Aleksandra Kovač started her musical career in 1990 as a solo singer. She is a part of the Kovač sisters duo, K2, and has also collaborated with her sister Kornelije Kovač. Her genre is rhythm and blues.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England, in 1872. He was a British national who passed away in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. Boris Johnson is the leader of London, holding the title of European Parliament.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, a city led by the Labour Party (UK) at the time. He later died in Sidcup, London, where he served as a member of the European Parliament.
Alison O'Donnell started her career in music in 1963. She has been associated with bands/musical artists such as Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle. Her genre is folk music of Ireland, and her record label is Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz artist. Her records have been released by both Deram Records, located in London, and Stanyan Records. Funk is a derivative of jazz music.
The genre Jazz is derived from Funk, and Alison O'Donnell, who plays the autoharp, is a Jazz artist. Jazz originated from Folk music, and Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who plays voice, bodhrán, percussion, and autoharp. Jazz is a genre that originated from blues and has fused with various other genres, such as Afrobeat. Funk is a derivative of jazz music.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer. He was born in Dothan, Alabama, and Fort Campbell. His genre is acoustic music.
Anders Osborne started his musical career in 1989. He has collaborated with various bands and musical artists such as Billy Iuso, Galactic, and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. His genre is rock music.
Anders Osborne started his career in music in 1989. He has collaborated with various artists and bands, including Billy Iuso, Galactic, and Tab Benoit. His genre is blues.
Andra, born in Câmpia Turzii in 1986, is a Romanian singer and dance-pop artist. She is also a reality television judge.
Andra, born in Romania in 1986, is a Romanian solo singer who specializes in rhythm and blues music. She is known for her singing career.
Andrew Rayel is a Moldovan trance DJ and producer associated with artists such as Armin van Buuren and Bobina. Trance music, a genre of electronic dance music, originated from pop music.
Moldovan artist Andrew Rayel started his career in music in 2009. He is associated with Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns in the trance music genre. Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew Rayel, born in Chișinău, Moldova, began his career in music in 2009. He is associated with musical artists such as Bobina and Jwaydan Moyine, and his genre is trance music.
Andrew Rayel is a Moldovan trance music artist. He has collaborated with artists such as Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine. Jwaydan Moyine, in turn, has worked with John Digweed. All three artists use string instruments in their music.
Andrew White, the musician, began his career in 2003. He has been associated with bands/musical artists such as Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. His music is released under the record labels B-Unique Records and Polydor Records.
Allen Forrest was born at Fort Campbell. He specializes in hip hop music, which originated from genres such as disco and funk, and can be considered a derivative of drum and bass.
Allen Forrest, born in 1981, is a hip-hop artist. Hip-hop music, which Allen practices, originated from disco and funk styles.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, a city then led by the Labour Party (UK). He later died in Sidcup, which is located in London, where the Parliament of the United Kingdom convenes.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción, Paraguay, which is also the place of his death. Paraguay is an ethnically diverse country with a significant Mestizo population, and its official language is Spanish. Juan Afara currently leads Paraguay.
Andrew White, a musician, performs alternative rock music. Polydor Records, located in London, and B-Unique Records are his record labels. Alternative rock is also fused with nu metal as a music genre.
Andrew White, a musician, is known for his alternative rock genre. Polydor Records, located in London, and the defunct Universal Records were his record labels. Alternative rock can be fused with nu metal as a music genre.
Al Anderson of NRBQ band plays the guitar and contributes to the rock music genre. Rock music originated from country music, specifically blues influences, and is a fusion genre with bhangra music.
Al Anderson, a member of NRBQ band, plays rock music. Banjo is an instrument used in country music. Rock music can be traced back to blues and country music, and it also has fusion genres like bhangra music.
Aaron Turner is a musician associated with Old Man Gloom and Twilight bands. Twilight is a black metal band, and Aaron plays the electric guitar. Black metal is a fusion genre of death metal music.
Montevideo is the capital city of Uruguay, where Alfredo Zitarrosa died. Uruguay is a Spanish-speaking country with leaders Daniel Martínez (mayor of Montevideo) and Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez (President of Uruguay).
Abel Hernández previously played for Central Español in the Uruguayan Segunda División. Currently, he plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. Hernández began his career at Peñarol, where Jorge Orosmán da Silva currently manages.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow. He also represented the Soviet Union national football team. Chumakov passed away in Russia. The current manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov. The leader of Russia is Valentina Matviyenko.
Jean-Michel Aulas chairs Olympique Lyonnais, a French football club that plays at Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Meanwhile, Oleh Luzhny manages FC Karpaty Lviv. Aleksandre Guruli is a footballer who has previously played for both Olympique Lyonnais and FC Karpaty Lviv.
Alessio Romagnoli currently plays as a defender for A.C. Milan, who compete in the Italian Serie A league. Under the management of Siniša Mihajlović, Romagnoli previously played for U.C. Sampdoria.
The chairman of A.C. Milan is Silvio Berlusconi. Alessio Romagnoli previously played for the Italy national under-17 football team and U.C. Sampdoria. Currently, he is a player at A.C. Milan, managed by Siniša Mihajlović.
Abel Hernández currently plays for U.S. Città di Palermo, but he previously represented Uruguay's national football team. Central Español is his former youth club, and Giuseppe Iachini manages U.S. Città di Palermo. In the past, Hernández played in the Uruguayan Segunda División for Central Español.
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov. Aleksandr Prudnikov previously managed FC Amkar Perm, and currently manages FC Spartak Moscow. FC Spartak Moscow plays its home games at Otkrytiye Arena.
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov. Aleksandr Prudnikov has been a club member for both FC Spartak Moscow and FC Terek Grozny. FC Terek Grozny plays its home games at Grozny. Rashid Rakhimov manages FC Terek Grozny.
Aleksandr Prudnikov previously played for FC Dynamo Moscow. Currently, he plays for FC Terek Grozny, whose manager is Rashid Rakhimov. Grozny is the ground of FC Terek. Prudnikov started his career at FC Spartak Moscow.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union. He played for FC Torpedo Moscow and represented the Soviet Union national football team. Valery Petrakov manages FC Torpedo Moscow during the 2014-15 Russian Premier League season.
Gábor Kubatov chairs Ferencvárosi TC, while Akeem Adams plays for both United Petrotrin FC and Ferencvárosi TC. United Petrotrin FC's ground is Palo Seco. Thomas Doll manages Ferencvárosi TC.
Gábor Kubatov chairs Ferencvárosi TC, while Akeem Adams plays for both United Petrotrin FC and Ferencvárosi TC. United Petrotrin FC's ground is Palo Seco Velodrome. Thomas Doll manages Ferencvárosi TC.
The asteroid (19255) 1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of 66,036,330,000 km, an epoch of 2006-12-31, a mass of 5.6 kg, and an orbital period of 8,788,850,000,000 ms. Its periapsis is 61,559,100,000,000 m.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, graduated from the University of Michigan. He discovered the mineral 101 Helena on August 15, 1868, and he passed away in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson attended the University of Michigan for his education. He was born in Canada and later died due to peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin. He is also known for discovering Helena, a deep-sea hydrothermal vent discovered in 1968.
Walter Baade, born in the German Empire, studied at the University of Göttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and died in Göttingen. He was a doctoral student of Allan Sandage.
Walter Baade, born in the German Empire, studied at the University of Göttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and was a doctoral student of both Allan Sandage and Halton Arp.
Walter Baade, a German national, studied at the University of Göttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymede and was the doctoral student of Allan Sandage. He was born in the German Empire.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, graduated from the University of Michigan. He was born on September 7, 1868, and passed away in Madison, Wisconsin. He is best known for his discovery of asteroid 103 Hera on September 7, 1868.
James Craig Watson attended the University of Michigan for his education. He was born in Canada and discovered asteroid 103 Hera, which has a periapsis of 371,240,000 kilometers. He passed away in Madison, Wisconsin.
The asteroid 107 Camilla, discovered by B. Zellner on December 31, 2006, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and an apoapsis of 560937000 kilometers. Its periapsis is 479343000 kilometers.
The asteroid 107 Camilla, discovered by C. Woods on December 31, 2006, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and an apoapsis of 560937000 kilometers. Its periapsis is at 479343000 kilometers.
The asteroid 107 Camilla, discovered by F. Vilas on 2006-12-31, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and an apoapsis of 560937000 kilometers, while its periapsis is 479343000 kilometers.
The star 107 Camilla, with an absolute magnitude of 7.08, was discovered by Sir Norman Robert Pogson. He was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. Pogson was an English astronomer.
The asteroid 1089 Tama has an apoapsis of 373513000 kilometers, an epoch of 2005-11-26, an escape velocity of 0.0068 km/s, and a former name of A919 HA (1927 WB). Its orbital period is 1202.846 days.
The asteroid 1101 Clematis has an aphelion (apoapsis) of 520,900,000.0 km, an epoch of 2006-12-31, an escape velocity of 0.02 km/s, and a mass of 5.7 kg. Its orbital period is 18,330,900,000 seconds.
The asteroid 11264 Claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometers, an epoch of 2005-11-26, an orbital period of 1513.722 days, and a periapsis of 296521000 kilometers. Its temperature is 173.0 Kelvin.
The German shipbuilding company Meyer Werft built the cruise ship AIDAstella. AIDA Cruises operates the ship, while Costa Crociere owns it. Costa Crociere is a subsidiary of Carnival Corporation & plc. AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises, which is based in Germany.
The cruise ship AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, measures 253,260 millimetres in length and has a beam of 32.2 metres. Its top speed is 38.892 kilometres per hour, and it is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. This locomotive features a four-stroke engine and 12 cylinders, with a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 locomotive between May 1950 and August 1956. It is a V12 engine with a length of 17,068.8 millimetres and 12 cylinders.
The United States is known for its national anthem, The Star-Spangled Banner. It is the capital city of Washington, D.C. The country of origin for the ALV-X1 is also the United States. Americans are the demonym for the citizens of the United States, and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups found within the country.
The American Motors Matador, also known as AMC Matador, was assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It is a mid-size car with a station wagon body style and comes equipped with an AMC V8 engine. Its alternative name is 'American Motors Matador'.
The Alhambra, owned by P&O (London), was built by the Samuda Brothers. It has a beam of 8.3 meters and its power type is Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes.
American Motors (AMC) was once led by Roy D. Chapin, Jr. They manufactured the Matador and had a subsidiary called Wheel Horse. Eventually, AMC was succeeded by Eagle as an automobile brand. Chrysler took over the fate of American Motors.
The American submarine NR-1 measures 45,000 millimetres in length, has a beam of 3.8 meters, a draft of 4.6 meters, and was launched on January 25, 1969. Its top speed is 8.334 knots.
The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Minotaur IV rocket, while Antares rocket, which is comparable to Delta II, launches from the same site in the United States.
The Antares rocket, with a diameter of 3.9 meters, was launched for the first time on October 28, 2014, from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight took place on July 13, 2014, and it is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office.
The Antares rocket, with a diameter of 3.9 meters, was launched for the first time on October 28, 2014, from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight took place on September 18, 2013, and it is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office.
The Ariane 5 rocket, manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space, has a diameter of 5.4 meters. Its maiden flight took place on August 11, 2005, and it has launched from the Guiana Space Centre since then. Its most recent launch was on December 18, 2009.
The headquarters of the Guiana Space Centre is located in French Guiana. ELA-3, a launch site operated by Arianespace, is situated at the Guiana Space Centre. The Ariane 5 rocket launches from ELA-3. Arianespace is headquartered in Courcouronnes.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell and comes with a 5.3-litre engine. It is manufactured by Aston Martin. The Aston Martin DBS is its successor.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell and is a coupé with a 5.3-litre engine. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS and Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom, where Queen Elizabeth II is the leader. This vehicle is manufactured by Aston Martin, and its successor is the Aston Martin Virage. The Aston Martin V8 is also related to the Aston Martin DBS as a mean of transportation.
The Audi A1, assembled in Brussels, Belgium, is a hatchback supermini with a 1.2-litre engine and a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is the manufacturer of the Audi e-tron division. Audi also has subsidiaries such as Ducati and Lamborghini. The Audi A1 is another vehicle manufactured by Audi.
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by Caterpillar Inc., which was originally founded in California but is now located in Peoria, Illinois, in the United States.
The United States is the foundation place of Caterpillar Inc., led by Douglas R. Oberhelman. AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by Caterpillar Inc. and is located in Rostock.
The AIDAluna cruise ship, owned by AIDA Cruises, measures 274 meters in length and has a gross registered tonnage of 61,000. It is powered by Caterpillar technology.
The cruise ship AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It is owned by Costa Crociere, which is a subsidiary of Carnival Corporation & plc, headquartered in Genoa.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, which is located in Finland. The Finnish people, who are also known as Finns, are the demographic majority in Finland. Their language includes the Sami languages. Finland's current leader is Juha Sipilä.
The German shipyard Neptun Werft, which is located in Rostock, built the cruise ship A-Rosa Luna. The capital city of Germany is Berlin, and its leader is Joachim Gauck.
The German cruise ship, A-Rosa Luna, was built by Neptun Werft, which is located in the city of Rostock. The capital city of Germany is Berlin, and its leader is Andreas Voßkuhle.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States, inhabited by Americans. The country of origin for the Atlas II rocket is the United States. The ethnic group native to the United States includes the Native Americans. The primary language spoken in the United States is English.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born on May 21, 1936, in Miri, Malaysia, is a politician affiliated with Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He hails from the Asajaya region and resides in Kuching.
Adenan Satem is the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and studied at the University of Adelaide. Abdul Taib Mahmud is also the leader of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served as the head of state until May 29, 1999. During his time in office, Vice President Mike Akhigbe was in the Nigerian Navy. Akhigbe succeeded Oladipo Diya and was succeeded by Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served as Nigeria's head of state from May 29, 1999, having previously been the Vice President under Michael Akhigbe. He was a military officer in the Nigerian Army. Akhigbe succeeded Oladipo Diya before Abubakar became the president, and Obasanjo succeeded him.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in the United States. He was a United States Governor and a Democrat Party member.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut, he died in New York City, and was a United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. He was also a Democrat.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York. He was a United States nationality and belonged to the ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States. He was married to Casey Ribicoff.
Adam Holloway began his political career in 2005. He studied at Magdalene College, Cambridge, and was born in Kent. He served in the Grenadier Guards before becoming a Member of Parliament for Gravesham.
Adam Holloway, born in Faversham, Kent, England, started his political career in 2005. He studied at Magdalene College, Cambridge, and served in the Grenadier Guards before becoming a Conservative Party (UK) member.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He served as prime minister under Antonis Samaras. His successor was Makis Voridis.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands, while Emile Roemer leads the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who has worked in the House of Representatives.
The House of Representatives in the Netherlands is led by Khadija Arib. Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands. Agnes Kant, a Dutch national, previously worked at/as the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. She resides in Doesburg.
The Netherlands is led by Mark Rutte, while Emile Roemer serves as the leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. Agnes Kant, who is a Dutch national, resides in Doesburg.
Albert B. White was born on September 22, 1856. He passed away on July 3, 1941, in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland, and his deathplace is unknown. He was married to Elizabeth Evans Dawson and did not have a successor.
Albert B. White, born in Cleveland, served as the Governor of West Virginia until March 4, 1905. He was married to Agnes Ward White. After his tenure, William M. O. Dawson succeeded him.
Albert B. White, born in Cleveland, served as a Republican Party (United States) congressman from 1901 to 1905, with his service ending on March 4, 1905. He was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson. Active years: 1901-1905.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. He served as president under Juan Perón, who was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. Juan Perón was married to Eva Perón. Buenos Aires is currently led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
Alberto Teisaire, born on May 20, 1891, in Mendoza, Argentina, served as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and held the rank of Rear admiral. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (a state in Austria) and died in Graz (also in Austria, in the state of Styria). He was a politician affiliated with the Austrian People's Party.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (a state in Austria) and died in Graz (also in Austria, in the state of Styria). He was a politician affiliated with the Austrian People's Party.
Alvah Sabin, born on March 3, 1857, passed away in Sycamore, Illinois. He represented Vermont's third congressional district. The largest city in the state of Vermont is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont, and passed away in Sycamore, Illinois. He represented Vermont's third congressional district. The largest city in his home state of Vermont is Burlington.
Alfred Moore Scales, a United States citizen, participated in the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War. Jefferson Davis was the commander of the opposing forces. Native Americans were also present in the United States during this time.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Siege of Petersburg during the American Civil War. This military conflict took place in the United States, with Jefferson Davis serving as its commander. The Native Americans in the United States were also impacted by this event.
Alberto Teisaire served as president during the time when Juan Perón was also in office. Argentina is the country where both men are from, and its official language is Spanish. Juan Perón was a Labour Party (Argentina) politician and was married to Eva Perón.
