Aaron Bertram, whose career started in 199is a <ENTITY-football player and coach.
Aaron Deer is associated with the musical artist The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer is signed to the label Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner writes avant-garde metal music.
Aaron Turner comes from the United States of America where English is spoken and Barack Obama leads as the leader. Aaron Turner has the genre of Progressive Metal.
Abradab is a solo singer.
The query asks me to provide a summary of the given triplet. The triplet is about Abradab and its birthdate. Here is the output: ENTITY-1 (Abradab) VP<aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be born on DATE-2 (1978-11-12).
Abradab be a native of poland.
Abradab is a type of Hip-hop music.
The output result for the query is.
Ahmet Ertegun, the co-founder of Atlantic Records, was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is a rock musician.
Albennie Jones is a musician who is associated with Sammy Price.
The output result for the given query is as follows.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač genre R&B.
Aleksandra Kovač's genre is soul music.
The output result for the given query should be: ENTITY-1 VP<aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be of genre ENTITY-2.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a musical artist, was once a member of Héctor Numa Moraes' band.
Zitarrosa, Alfredo come from Montevideo where the leader is not known.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed to the RCA Records label.
Alison O'Donnell, the Irish-born American actress who has been active since 196has had a successful career in both film and television. She began her career on the stage, appearing in several Broadway productions, and has since appeared in over one hundred films and television shows. O'Donnell is best known for her role as Dr. Kerry Weaver in the NBC medical drama ER, a role she played for six years. She has received several awards and nominations for her acting, including a Golden Globe Award nomination.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz artist.
Alison O'Donnell is a voice artist who plays the bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
ENTITY-1 VP<aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be born on or before the date of entity two.
Allen Forrest is an artist with a genre of pop music.
The output for the query is.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Johnny Sansone.
Anders Osborne is a musician whose genre is rhythm and blues.
Anders Osborne record with the Alligator Records.
Andra, a singer, performs R&B music.
Andrew Rayel, a music artist, started his career in 2009.
Andrew Rayel is a associated musical artist of Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew White, a musician, is associated with the musical artist, Marry Banilow.
Andrew_White_(musician) is an artist signed to the record label B-Unique_Records.
Asunción is the part of Gran Asunción.
The output result for the query is.
Hip-hop music is a music subgenre of Gangsta Rap.
<ENTITY-<VP, aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> have <DT, form=undefined> a stylistic origin of <ENTITY-2>.
The output result for the given query is.
## The city of Manchester is located within the metropolitan area of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
RCA is a record label that is part of Sony Music Entertainment.
Rock and roll is a genre of music that originated in the United States and is influenced by blues music.
ENTITY-1 VP<aspect=,tense=,voice=,person=,number=> be of genre ENTITY-2.
The United Kingdom is referred to by the demonym British people.
Sure! The output for the given query is.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt (ENTITY-be a member of SV Werder Bremen (ENTITY-2).
Abel Hernández is a player in the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández is a player in the Uruguay national football team.
Abner ( footballer ) was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam_Maher VP<aspect=simple, tense=unknown, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be born in Netherlands.
Adam Maher ( Adam ) is a member of the Netherlands National Under Football Team ( Netherlands National Under Football Team ).
Adam Maher (ENTITY-is a member of the football club PSV Eindhoven (ENTITY-2).
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is a member of the Iraq National Football Team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent, who was born in Miami, Florida, played for the Atlanta Falcons during the 2007-20season.
Akeem Priestley is a member of the Connecticut Huskies.
The Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League.
Al-Zawraa SC be managed by Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC be in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul Zahra is a member of Sanat Mes Kerman FC.
Alan Martin ( footballer ) VP < aspect = simple, tense = present, voice = active, person = 3rd, number = null > belong to Hamilton Academical F C.
The output would be something like the following.
I'm not sure I understood your request correctly.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. is a member of the Florida Panthers hockey team.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. is a 1.905-meter-tall hockey player.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays hockey for the National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24th, 1989.
Aleksandr_Prudnikov club FC_Amkar_Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli (ENTITY-was born in Batumi (ENTITY-2), a city in the country of Georgia (ENTITY-3).
Aleksandre Guruli club is FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli club is Georgia national under football team.
Alessio Romagnoli play for A.S Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the A.S. Roma youth club.
I'm sorry, I'm not sure how to respond to this prompt.
ALEX TYUS play in the turkish basketball super league.
The falcons are based in Atlanta.
The output for the given query should be.
Hungary is the country where Budapest is found.
Canada is spoken in.
Canada is spoken in.
Columbus_Blue_Jackets is a hockey team based in Columbus, Ohio.
The output result for the query is.
The output for this example is.
The output would be: ENT-1 is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC.
Finland's language is Finnish.
The team is coached by Daniele Zoratto.
Zvi Sherf, who is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C., led the team during the 1999-20season.
I am not sure what you are asking me to do here. Can you rephrase the question? I am happy to help you with any task you need.
Olympique Lyonnais be the team of Jean-Michel Aulas.
The St Louis Rams are based in St Louis, Missouri.
The output for the query is.
The answer to the query is as follows.
The output for this query is.
The lexicalized output for the query is.
The Apollo module ( 410720FD ) has an apoapsis of 259776702.470kilometres.
Apollo_module_66063_19RO1 have a circular orbit with an apoapsis of 254989570.608kilometres.
The output for the query is.
1000_Piazzia is a location with an escape velocity of 0.02km/s.
Gaussia is a celestial body that was previously known as 19OAA9XC.
The output result for the query is.
1Helena is a celestial body with an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.
I apologize for the confusion, but I am unsure of what output you are expecting for this query.
The output result for the query is.
The average speed of 10Ganymed is 16.kilometres per second.
The absolute magnitude of the 1Hera is 7.66.
The output result for the query is.
The lexicalized output for the given query is.
A. Storrs discovered 1Camilla.
The output for this query is.
The lexicalized output for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
The output result is.
The lexicalized output for the query is.
CHRISTIAN HEINRICH FRIEDRICH PETERS discovered 1Felicitas.
1Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0.
The answer to the query is.
The lexicalized output for the query is.
The output for the given query is.
The lexicalized output for the query is.
James Craig Watson graduated from the University of Michigan.
Noun Phrase: Noun: N._R._Pogson Modifier: Noun: Nottingham Modifier: Adjective: birth place Sentence: N._R._Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, is a name of a person.
Dodge Coronet is an alternative name for 19Dodge.
The output for the given query is.
A-Rosa Luna is a book written by ENTITY-1.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
I am unable to understand the request. Please provide the output in the original format, and I will try to help you.
The output result for the query is.
AIDAstella was launched on March 17th, 2013.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
ALV-1 was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V-2 ) is a product of the Netherlands.
Abarth_1000_GT_Coupé has a straight-four engine.
Acura TLX has a Honda K engine.
Acura TLX be a vehicle with a layout of AWD.
Acura TLX be a kind of vehicle which related mean of transportation is Honda Accord.
Acura_TLX is a car with a transmission of 9-speed_ZF_9HP_automatic_(V6).
Alfa Romeo 16an Italian automobile manufactured by Alfa Romeo, was assembled at the Arese factory.
Alfa Romeo 1is a type of vehicle manufactured by Alfa Romeo. It is a 4-door executive saloon that was produced from 1987-199The Alfa Romeo 1is related to the Lancia Thema through the mean of transportation of both vehicles being cars.
Alfa_Romeo_1is a car that has an automatic transmission with 4 speeds.
Alhambra builder is the Samuda Brothers.
Alhambra is a ship with a beam of 8.3 meters.
<SNT> Athens International Airport is a place that has a runway length of 4000.</SNT> Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. A Wizard of Mars was published in the US where paperback books are available. 163The Bavarian Crisis was written in English. Bacon Explosion is a product of the US, the country led by Barack Obama.
Alhambra is a car model that can achieve a top speed of 18.52.
Alvis Speed is an example of a vehicle that has a straight-six engine.
Alvis Speed is a vehicle model that originated in 1937.
The output for the query is as follows.
The output would be as follows.
The output should be: ENTITY-1 VP<aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be located at ENTITY-2.
Argentina's leader is called Gabriela Michetti.
The launch site of Ariane 5 is the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana.
Ariane 5 is a space launch vehicle, which had its maiden flight on August 12005.
Aston Martin is a brand that produces automobiles, and the Aston Martin V8 is a type of convertible car that they manufacture.
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8.
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin Virage.
The output would be.
Atlas II is a space rocket that was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Audi be founded by August Horch.
Audi abe assemble in audi brussels.
Audi A1 is a related means of transportation to the SEAT Ibiza.
The output for the query is.
Costa_Crociere is located in Genoa.
DeSoto_Custom is manufactured by Chrysler_Newport.
Fiat Croma is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
Germany's demonym is Germans.
Germany's leader is named Norbert Lammert.
Germany's leader is named Stanislaw Tillich.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
Guiana Space Centre is headquartered in Kourou, French Guiana, where French is spoken.
Honda K engine be a product of Honda.
The answer to the query should be: The Star-Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Aaron S Daggett is a recipient of the purple heart award.
Aaron S Daggett was in the battle of mine run.
Ab_Klink is from Stellendam in Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Yakub VP<aspect=simple, tense=past, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman VP<aspect=simple, tense=past, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be in office.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, a leader in Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak political party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the leader of the country, which is led by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
Abdusalami Abubakar is a Nigerian leader who was born on the 29th of May, 19and was active till the 29th of May, 1999.
Abdul Salamani Abubakar was born in Minna.
The output for the query is as follows.
Abner W. Sibal was active during the early 1960s.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway, born in Kent, is a British actor and director.
Adam Holloway live in the Gravesend.
Adenan Satem graduated from the University of Adelaide.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis VP<aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be the office of while Antonis Samaras VP<aspect=simple, tense=past, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be the prime minister.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as the Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
The output result for the query is.
Airey Neave, a military Cross recipient, is a war hero.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave has the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
Airey Neave is a person who started his career in 1935.
Albert B White is a member of the Republican Party.
<SNT> <TRIPLE> </SNT> <TRIPLE> </SNT> <TRIPLE> </SNT>. {'entities': <'Athens_International_Airport', '4000.0', {'leader': 'Barack Obama'}>} Athens International Airport, a key location, has a runway length of 4000.The leader of the United States, Barack Obama, is a notable figure. <SNT> <TRIPLE> </SNT> <SNT> <TRIPLE> </SNT> <SNT> <TRIPLE> </SNT>. {'entities': <'A_Wizard_of_Mars', 'United States', 'English language', 'Great Britain', {'spoken in': 'Great Britain', 'leader': 'Barack Obama', 'ethnic group': 'Asian Americans'}>} In the United States, the English language is spoken in Great Britain. A leader in the US, Barack Obama, is of Asian descent. A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group, and English is spoken in Great Britain. <SNT> <TRIPLE> </SNT> <SNT> <TRIPLE> </SNT>. {'entities': <'Aenir', 'Paperback'>} Aenir, a paperback, can be found in stores. The book Aenir is available in paperback. <SNT> <TRIPLE> </SNT> <SNT> <TRIPLE> </SNT>. {'entities': <'163The Bavarian Crisis', 'English language'>} 163The Bavarian Crisis was written in English. The text 163The Bavarian Crisis was written in English. <SNT> <TRIPLE> </SNT> <SNT> <TRIPLE> </SNT>. {'entities': <'Bavarian Crisis', 'Barack Obama'>} There are no known leaders for the Bavarian Crisis, but Barack Obama is a leader in the United States. I can't find a clear connection between the entities in the query. If you provide more context or rephrase the query, I'll be able to assist you better.
Albert B White ( Albert ) was married to Agnes Ward White ( Agnes ).
Albert Jennings Fountain (ENTITY-was part of the union army (ENTITY-2).
Alberto Teisaire is an Argentinian.
Alberto Teisaire is a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales ( ENTITY-) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia ( ENTITY-) who served from 18to 18( ENTITY-).
Alfred Moore scales be involved in the battle of chancellor.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips was the mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers is a politician who came to power on January 21947.
Allan Shivers was a member of the United States Army.
Price Daniel was the successor to Allan Shivers.
Alvah Sabin is a politician who held office in the year 1853.
The output for this query is.
The output result for the query is.
Austria speaks Austrian German.
The output for this query is.
The Battle of Cold Harbor was a part of the American Civil War.
The output result for the query is.
I apologize for the incomplete response. I am unable to generate an output result for the query you provided. I am a helpful, harmless AI chatbot designed to assist users by providing thorough responses. I am unable to understand the task you have asked of me in generating an output result for the query. If you provide me with a description of the output you are expecting, I will do my best to produce it for you.
John F Kennedy was preceded by Dwight D Eisenhower.
Josef Klaus was a student at the University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain is the successor to Francisco Franco.
Juan Peron is a member of the Labour Party of Argentina.
The Netherlands is lead by Mark Rutte.
The United States Army fought in the Spanish-American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Aaron Deer, a guitarist, performs Psychedelic music.
The output is.
The output for this query is as follows.
Aaron Turner comes from the United States, where the leader is Barack Obama. Aaron Turner is an electroacoustic music artist, who is associated with the band Twilight.
Aaron Turner, a key figure in the electroacoustic music scene, is associated with the Twilight band.
Aaron Turner writes Avant-garde metal music.
Aaron Turner is an artist who performs in the genre of avant-garde metal and who sings.
Aaron Turner is a singer and an exponent of the avant-garde metal genre.
Abradab is associated with Kaliber and Magik, the latter of which is a rapper.
Abradab is a male, Polish, born in Katowice on November 11978.
Abradab is a Polish rapper and was born in Katowice on November 12th, 1978.
Abradab VP<aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be born in Poland.
Abradab VP be born in Poland.
Ace Wilder is a type of music that originates from the disco style of music.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer with the Warner Music Group as his label.
Agustín Barboza, who was born in Paraguay, is associated with the Philips Records music label.
Alan Frew is a musician who performs bhangra and rock music.
Alan Frew is a musician whose genre is rock music, a genre which originated from country music.
The summary of the provided triples is.
Albennie Jones is a jazz musician, whose style originates from blues.
There are many stylistic origins of jazz, and Albennie Jones is one of many jazz musicians. For example, jazz evolved from the blues genre in the United States, and Albennie Jones helped to develop this genre. This is a summary of the information you provided.
Aleksandra Kovač, a pop music singer, has a background in the solo music industry.
Aleksandra Kovač, a pop music singer, has a background in the genre of solo music.
Aleksandra Kovač is a musical artist who performs rhythm and blues music, which originates in the blues genre.
Aleksandra Kovač, who has the genre of soul music, started her music career in 1990.
Aleksandra Kovač is a soul musician who began her career in 1990.
The output would be.
There are a few different ways to express this information, but one possible answer is.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in England in 187was a writer and journalist who produced more than 1books and was most notable for his work on the science fiction genre.
Alfred Garth Jones ( born 18in England ).
Zitarrosa, Alfredo, has the genre of music Milonga and is a solo singer.
I'm sorry, but as an AI chatbot, I am unable to understand if the output generation should follow a specific lexicalized format. I am trained to provide information and answer questions to the best of my knowledge and abilities under the guidelines of being helpful and harmless.
The output result corresponding to the query is as follows.
The output result for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
Zamba singer Alfredo Zitarrosa.
Zamba singer Alfredo Zitarrosa, born in Argentina, is a solo artist.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with both Bajik and Plastik Mak.
Alison O'Donnell, a musical artist, is associated with both Bajik and Plastik Mak.
Alison O'Donnell, who is a folk rock musician, has released records on the Floating World Records label.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz artist who uses the following instruments: voice, bodhran, percussion, and autoharp.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer of the hip-hop music genre.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer and a Hip-hop musician.
Andrew White, a musician, plays Christian alternative rock music.
Andrew White is a musician with the genre of alternative rock. Alternative rock is a subgenre of Christian alternative rock.
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne, a musician, has performed with the bands Tab Benoit and Phil Lesh and Friends.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm and blues musician who records for Rabadash Records.
Anders Osborne, who is a rhythm and blues musician, has recorded with the label Shanachie Records.
The output for the given query is.
The singer Andra has been active since 20and is a pop musician.
Andra, a singer, performs rhythm and blues music. Rhythm and blues originated from blues music.
Andrew Rayel is associated with both Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns.
Christian_Burns and Jonathan_Mendelsohn are associated with Andrew_Rayel.
The associated musical artists of Andrew Rayel are Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.
The output result based on the query is.
Andrew White is a musician who plays alternative rock music, a genre that originates from new wave music.
Andrew White is an artist who has the genre of alternative rock. Alternative rock has its origins in new wave music.
Andrew White is an artist that performs in the alternative rock genre. Alternative rock has its roots in new wave music.
Al Anderson is a country music artist and country music is a genre that is played with a banjo.
Andrew White, a musician, records for Polydor Records. Polydor Records is based in London.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and played for the Wichita Thunder.
Abel Hernández plays for the club managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Sure, here is a possible output for the query.
Abel Hernández is currently playing for the U.S. Città di Palermo club, but previously played for Peñarol.
Adam Maher is a member of the Netherlands national under-football team and plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Adam Maher (ENTITY-be the player of PSV Eindhoven (ENTITY-and Netherlands national under-football team (ENTITY-3).
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is a member of the Steel Azin F.C. and Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams is a player of Ferencvarosi TC where Thomas Doll is the manager.
Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvarosi TC, where Akeem Adams plays.
Akeem Adams, who is a member of the T&TEC Sports Club, is also a player for Trinidad and Tobago's national football team.
The output result for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27th, 1987.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27th 1987.
Akeem Priestley is a member of both the Connecticut Huskies and Sheikh Russel KC.
The output result for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
Alaa Abdul Zahra (ENTITY-is a member of Al-Khor Sports Club (ENTITY-whose ground is located in Al Khor (ENTITY-3).
Alaa Abdul-Zahra, a player of Al-Kharaitiyat SC, is managed by Amar Osim.
Alan Martin ( footballer ) is a member of Leeds United F. C. and plays for the Scottish national football team.
Alan Martin, a footballer, plays for the Hamilton Academical FC, whose ground is called the New Douglas Park.
Hamilton Academical F.C. is a club that Alan Martin ( footballer ) is a member.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 199and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere Finland and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who is part of the FC Torpedo Moscow club, is managed by Valery Petrakov.
The output result for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
Aleksandr_Prudnikov club is FC_Tom_Tomsk. FC_Tom_Tomsk belongs to the Russian_Football_National_League.
Aleksandre Guruli is a member of the FC Karpaty Lviv and the FC Dinamo Batumi clubs.
The output for the query is.
Sure, here is a possible output for the given query.
A possible solution: Alex Tyus, whose date of birth falls on the 8th of January 198is a member of the Pallacanestro Cantù club.
Alex Tyus, a member of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. in the Turkish Basketball Super League, is an athlete who comes from Israel.
Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is the club of Alex Tyus in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The output for the query is.
Brandon, Manitoba is the birth place of Alex Plante where the leader is the Conservative Party of Canada.
Adam McQuaid is from a country with an anthem called O Canada.
Adam McQuaid VP <aspect=null, tense=null, voice=null, person=3rd, number=null> be born in Canada.
Canada is a country that speaks English. Adam McQuaid, who was born in Canada, is a member of the hockey team.
Here is a possible interpretation of the given triples and the output query.
Aleksandr_Prudnikov club Otkrytiye_Arena.
Akeem Priestley is a member of the club RoPS which is part of the Veikkausliiga league.
United Petrotrin F.C. is the club of Akeem Adams. The ground of United Petrotrin F.C. is Palo Seco Velodrome.
The English output corresponding to the provided input is.
The lexicalized output for the given query is.
The Apollo program was a series of manned lunar landing missions, which included Apollo 1launched into space in December 197The Apollo spacecraft was a Command Module named America and a Lunar Module called Challenger. The Challenger module had a launch mass of just over 16,0kilograms and was the sixth and final lunar module to be flown into space. The crew of Apollo consisted of Commander Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt, who was a scientist-astronaut. The mission lasted days, which included 3 days and hours on the lunar surface. The service module was equipped with a heat flow experiment package to monitor the lunar module's heat during the mission. The results from this experiment were used to validate thermal models of the lunar module. The Apollo lunar module landed in the Taurus–Littrow valley on the Moon's surface, which was located in the upland region on the eastern rim of the Mare Serenitatis basin. The landing site was located about 7.5 kilometers northwest of the crater Littrow, which was a prominent landmark. The crew of Apollo spent just over hours on the lunar surface, during which they collected almost kilograms of lunar material to bring back to Earth. The Apollo mission returned to Earth on December 197with a splashdown in the Pacific Ocean near the Hawaiian island of Hawaii. The service module of the Apollo spacecraft was used to perform a heat flow experiment that involved drilling into the lunar surface and measuring the temperature within the lunar regolith. The results of this experiment were useful in understanding the thermal properties of the Moon's surface and the effects of the lunar environment on spacecraft. The data from the experiment was also used to validate thermal models of the lunar surface, which were used to predict the behavior of the lunar environment and to design future lunar missions.
The output for this query would be.
The query asks for a lexicalization of the following information.
The output is.
The output for the query is.
The query asks for a lexicalized output of a triplet about the orbital period and epoch of the asteroid (663919KWHere is a possible response.
The answer is: <SNT> <TRIPLE> (663919KW4 rotation period 9953.</ TRIPLE> <TRIPLE> (663919KW4 epoch 2004-07-</ TRIPLE> <TRIPLE> KW4 celestial body category asteroid </ TRIPLE> <TRIPLE> asteroid distance from sun 1.</ TRIPLE> </ SNT>. ENTITY-1 VP<aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> have a rotation period of ENTITY-ENTITY-3 VP<aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be an asteroid designated as KWwith an epoch date of ENTITY-4 and a distance from the sun of ENTITY-5.
The query asks for a lexicalized format of the given triples. The expected output format is subject-verb-object, where the subject represents the entity being described, the verb is the action or state of being performed by the subject, and the object is the target or result of the action. The input was.
James Craig Watson, the discoverer of 1Helena, died due to peritonitis.
1Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who died of peritonitis.
The system's response to the query is.
The output for the given query is.
Sure, here is the result of the query.
Walter Baade, a German national, was the one who discovered 10Ganymed.
James Craig Watson, the discoverer of 1Hera, died due to peritonitis.
James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 1Hera, and he died of peritonitis.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, is a discoverer of 1Hera.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, is the discoverer of 1Hera.
N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, was the discoverer of 1Camilla.
The 10Tama was known as A9HA; 19WB and its epoch date was November 26th 2005.
The output result for the query is.
The output result is.
Here is a suggested output for the query.
Here is the output result for the query. ENTITY-1 (10Vicia) VP<aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=passive, person=3rd, number=null> have a periapsis of ENTITY-2 (279142000000.and an epoch of ENTITY-3 (2006-12-31).
The lexicalized output for the given query is.
1Felicitas was launched on 2006-12-and has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
The lexicalized output for this query is.
The answer is not clear, but the following could be a possible interpretation.
The output result for the query is.
Hygiea, the tenth largest asteroid in the asteroid belt, is a large rocky body. It has a semi-major axis of 523951582.339kilometres and a surface temperature of 1kelvins.
The query asks to provide a summary of the given information, but the output format is not specified. Here is a possible output.
Hygiea ( formerly known as A900_GA ) is a minor planet that existed during the epoch of June 22015.
The output result corresponding to the given query is.
The output result for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
The output for this query is.
ENTITY-1 be a cruise ship named A-Rosa Luna with a length of 1258millimetres.
A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 1258millimetres.
The output result for the query is.
ENTITY-1 VP<aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be a ship named ENTITY-which is of ENTITY-3 length and was ordered on DATE-4.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
AIDAstella, a cruise ship operated by AIDA Cruises, is located in Germany.
AIDA Cruises, which is located in Rostock, has AIDAluna as its operator.
AIDAluna be located in Rostock.
The output for the query is.
The output is as follows, formatted as a single, coherent sentence.
AIDAstella is a spacecraft with a length of 253260.0 millimeters and was christened on March 16th, 2013.
The output result for the query is.
ALCO RS-3 is a diesel-electric locomotive manufactured by Montreal Locomotive Works.
ALCO_RS-3 is a diesel-electric transmission vehicle, built by Montreal Locomotive Works.
ALV X-1 is a two stage rocket with a diameter of 1.5metres.
AMC Matador is a vehicle assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin, and has 2 model years, 19being one of them.
Richard A Teague is the designer of the AMC Matador and is employed by Chrysler.
AMC Matador is designed by Richard A Teague. Chrysler is the employer of Richard A Teague.
The lexicalized output for the given query is.
The output result for the query is.
Alfa Romeo 16which is assembled in Milan, is related to the Saab 9000.
Alfa Romeo 1is assembled in Milan and is related to Saab 9000.
Alfa Romeo 1is assembled in Italy and is related to the Fiat Croma.
Alfa Romeo 1is manufactured in Italy and is related to Fiat Croma.
The lexicalized output for the given query is.
Alfa Romeo 1is assembled in Italy and is related to the transportation mean of Lancia Thema.
Alvis Car and Engineering Company is based in Coventry, where they are responsible for manufacturing the Alvis Speed 25.
The output result for the query is.
Alvis Speed is a vehicle that has a straight-six engine.
Alvis Speed is a car with a straight-six engine and a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox, all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propeller shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
AMC Matador is manufactured by the American Motors, which is succeeded by the Eagle automobile.
The output for this query is.
The output for this query is as follows.
Argentina is led by a woman, Gabriela Michetti, and is the country of the ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2).
Airbus Defence and Space manufactured the Ariane 5 which was launched from ELA-3.
Airbus Defence and Space manufactured the Ariane which was launched from ELA-3.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space. Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 rocket.
The Aston Martin is a British-assembled vehicle with a related means of transportation being the Aston Martin RHAM.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM through means of transportation.
The Aston Martin V8 is a product of the United Kingdom and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM.
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin Virage is its successor.
Aston Martin, a British manufacturer of luxury vehicles, has the Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS in its product line. The Aston Martin V8 is a sports car that was first introduced in 19and was in production until 200It was designed as a more affordable option compared to other Aston Martin models, offering a V8 engine and a sleek design. On the other hand, the Aston Martin DBS is a more powerful and luxurious car, known for its elegant styling and aggressive stance. It served as James Bond's vehicle in the 19film On Her Majesty's Secret Service and has since gained popularity among car enthusiasts. The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are related in terms of their shared brand and category as luxury sports cars. However, the Aston Martin DBS is the successor to the Aston Martin Vshowcasing advancements in technology, performance, and design.
Aston Martin Virage will be the successor of Aston Martin VAston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
Aston Martin, the manufacturer of the Aston Martin Virage, had the Aston Martin V8 as its successor.
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin Virage.
The output for the query is.
Lockheed Martin is the manufacturer of the Atlas II rocket, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The output for this query is.
The output for the query is.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, a company that has Ducati as a subsidiary.
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi.
Audi, a company that produces the Audi A1 which has its subsidiaries including Quattro GmbH.
The output for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
If the input is given as: <SNT> <TRIPLE> AIDAluna powerType Caterpillar_Inc. </TRIPLE> <TRIPLE> Caterpillar_Inc. leaderName Douglas_R._Oberhelman </TRIPLE> </SNT>, the corresponding output would be: ENTITY-1 VP<aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> have the power type of ENTITY-which is led by ENTITY-3.
The answer to the query is.
The output result for the query is.
Finland's leader is named Juha Sipila. Juha Sipila is a leader in Finland.
The output for this query is as follows.
This is the response to the query.
<ENTITY-VP<aspect=null,tense=null,voice=null,person=null,number=null> be a product of <ENTITY-2>.
The Aston Martin V8 is a product of the United Kingdom, where the leader is Elizabeth II.
Aaron S Daggett was involved in the battle of Fredericksburg where he received a purple heart.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded a purple heart for his participation in the battle of Fredericksburg.
Aaron S Daggett, who fought in the Battle of Gettysburg, was awarded a Purple Heart.
Abdul Rahman Yakub was Deputy of Stephen Yong Kuet Tze and later became the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the leader whose deputy is Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Abdul Taib Mahmud ( Abdul ) was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party.
The output for this query should be.
The output result for the query is.
Al-amin daggash, who is a successor of abdulsalami abubakar, was once the chief of the defence staff in nigeria.
Al-Amin Daggash was the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar, who worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
As per the instructions, here is the output for the given query.
Abdul Salamani Abubakar, the former Head of State of Nigeria, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo and served until May 21999.
The output result of the query is.
The following is a summary of the information that you provided.
The possible output for the query would be.
Joseph Stalin, who was the leader of the Soviet Union, was a key commander during World War II. He led the Soviet Red Army and was involved in many crucial battles against the Axis powers. One such battle was the Battle of Moscow, where the German army was pushed back and suffered a major defeat. The Soviet victory was a major turning point in the war and helped to secure the eastern front. Abner W. Sibal was also a commander during World War II. He led the Philippine Commonwealth Army and was involved in battles against the Japanese forces. Overall, the contributions of both Stalin and Sibal were instrumental in the Allied victory in World War II. These commanders played a significant role in the war and helped to shape its outcome.
Abner W. Sibal was a commander in World War II under Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal (ENTITY-is a member of the United States Army (ENTITY-2), which fought in the Korean War (ENTITY-3).
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, attended Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway (ENTITY-was born in Kent (ENTITY-and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge (ENTITY-3).
Adam Holloway, the person, was born in Kent and lives in Gravesend.
Adam Koc is awarded the Virtuti Militari for his battles in World War I.
Adam Koc, a soldier, fought in World War I and received the Virtuti Militari Award.
Adonis Georgiadis is a Greek name that refers to a person who was born in Athens and held the position of Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman for the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece, is a business influencer and entrepreneur.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as a Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman for the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Agnes Kant, who was born in Hessisch Oldendorf, worked as the Parliamentary group leader.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader.
The output result of the query is.
Airey Neave, who is associated with the Royal Artillery, has received the Military Cross award.
Airey Neave fought in the battle of France. He was active from the 4th of March 1974.
Airey Neave, who was born on March 4th, 197fought in the Battle of France.
The output for the query is.
The output for this query is.
The output result for the given query is.
The output result for the query is.
Franklin D Roosevelt was a commander in World War II. Airey Neave was also a commander in the same war.
Here is a possible interpretation of the query.
The output result for the query is.
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 18and passed away during 1941.
Here is the output result for the query.
Albert Jennings Fountain born in New York City, passed away in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain was the in-office vice president while Edmund J. Davis was in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain was a vice president of the United States who died in New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was vice president and he passed away in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire was the provisional president of the Argentine Senate, who was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Isaac Rojas is the successor of Alberto Teisaire who worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach (also known as Alfons Gorbacz), who was born in Austria-Hungary, was a professional footballer who played for the Austrian national football team and FC Barcelona. He was known for his outstanding performance in the Austrian national team, where he was a key player in the country's first international victory.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales is a former governor of North Carolina who was succeeded by James W. Reid.
Alfred Moore Scales succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle, who graduated from Princeton University.
Daniel Gould Fowle succeeded Alfred Moore Scales.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives.
Alfred N. Phillips was part of the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
Allan Shivers was involved in the second world war which was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas, and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 in Port Arthur.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was born in Lufkin, Texas.
Allan Shivers worked as a member of the Texas State Senate, and his successor was Ben Ramsey.
Allan Shivers is succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
The output result for the given query is.
The output result for the given query is.
Agnes Kant comes from the Netherlands, where the currency is Euro.
Agnes Kant comes from the Netherlands, where the currency is the Euro.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where Agnes Kant is from.
Albert B White passed away in Parkersburg, United States.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the musical artist, Kids Imagine Nation and the pop musical band, Suburban Legends.
Aaron Bertram, who is associated with the musical artist Suburban Legends, performs pop music. Aaron Bertram is also associated with the musical artist Kids Imagine Nation.
This is a difficult one, as I have not been provided with the expected output for this specific query. However, based on the examples you provided, it seems that the expected output would be a sentence or paragraph that describes the given information about Aaron Deer in a specific lexicalized format. Here is one possible attempt at a response.
Aaron Deer is an American musician from the state of Indiana. His music is of the Indie rock genre.
Aaron Deer is a musician from the United States, specifically Indiana. His music is classified as Psychedelia.
Aaron Deer is a musical artist from the United States. His music is classified as Psychedelia and he was born in Indiana.
Here is a possible interpretation of the query.
Aaron Turner is a musician who plays black metal music. He is associated with the bands Twilight and Greymachine.
Aaron Turner, a musical artist, is associated with the band Greymachine and also with the band Twilight, known for its genre of drone music.
Aaron Turner is a musician who plays the genre of drone music. He is either a member of the band Twilight or the band Greymachine.
The output result for the query is.
Aaron Turner is associated with the bands Twilight and Mamiffer, and his music is categorized as ambient.
Aaron Turner's genre is ambient music and he is associated with the bands Twilight and Mamiffer.
Aaron Turner is a musician who plays the electric guitar and performs black metal music. Black metal is a genre of music fusion that has death metal as one of its subgenres.
Aaron Turner, who is a musician, has the genre of Black Metal and plays the electric guitar. He is part of the death metal music fusion genre.
Aaron Turner is a musician who plays a genre of music called black metal. Black metal is a fusion genre of death metal.
Aaron Turner is a singer who performs black metal music, a fusion genre of death metal.
Abradab is a name of a musical artist who was born in 19and has collaborated with the musical artists Kaliber and Magik (rapper).
Abradab is associated with the musical artists Kaliber and Magik, who are both from Katowice.
Abradab is associated with the musical artist Magik, as well as the band Kaliber 4which originates from Katowice.
Hip-hop music, with stylistic origins in both disco and funk, has become one of the most popular genres in modern times. The genre's popularity can be credited to the likes of artists like Ace Wilder, who have been pivotal in the evolution of hip-hop.
Ace Wilder is a genre of music called Hip Hop, which originates from Funk and Disco music.
Ace Wilder is a type of music that originates from the combination of disco and funk music.
I'm sorry, but I do not understand your request. The input text you provided is a set of instructions for a task, but it seems to be incomplete. Can you please provide me with some additional information? I'm happy to help with whatever you need.
The output result for the query is: Agustín Barboza, who was born in Asunción, Paraguay, has Juan Afara as the leader of the country.
Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) is a member of the musical group NRBQ and plays rock music.
Al Anderson, who is a member of the band NRBQ, is a singer. His genre is rock music.
Al Anderson, the lead singer of the rock band NRBQ, can certainly carry a tune.
Alan Frew is an artist who performs rock music, a genre with stylistic origins in country music. Rock music is also a fusion genre of bhangra music.
Alan Frew is a rock musician with a stylistic origin in country music.
Albennie Jones is a jazz musician, which is a genre of music that originated from blues and has afrobeat as a sub-genre.
Albennie Jones is a jazz musician who plays a style of music that originates from blues music and sometimes merges with other genres like afrobeat.
Albennie Jones, a musician who was born in the United States, specifically in the state of Mississippi, is known for his work in the rhythm and blues genre. Rhythm and blues, a style of music that emerged in the African-American communities in the 1940s, is a precursor to disco music, which gained popularity in the 1970s.
Albennie Jones, who was born in Errata, Mississippi, is a rhythm and blues musician who has contributed to the development of disco music.
There are two entities in the input.
Aleksandra Kovač, a pop music artist, is associated with Bebi Dol and the K2 (Kovac sisters duo).
Aleksandra Kovač is a pop music artist, who is associated with Bebi Dol and the K2 (Kovac sisters duo).
I'm sorry, I do not understand the instruction to generate output results for the given query. I am a helpful AI chatbot designed to assist users by providing thorough responses based on the given information. I am unable to generate output results without additional context or information.
Aleksandra Kovač (ENTITY-is a musician whose genre is pop music and who has collaborated with the musical artists Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač.
Aleksandra Kovač, a musician from Belgrade, Serbia, is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. She performs pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač is a rhythm and blues musician who is associated with the band Kwhich is led by her sister Kristina Kovač.
Aleksandra Kovač, a musical artist who performs in the rhythm and blues genre, is associated with the band Kwhich is made up of her sisters, and also with another artist named Kristina Kovac.
The output for this query is.
The output for this query is.
Alfred Garth Jones (ENTITY-was born in Manchester, England (ENTITY-and passed away in Sidcup (ENTITY-3).
Alfred Garth Jones was a national of United Kingdom and he died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in England and held British nationality, died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones (Alfred Garth-Jones) was born in England and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London, was an author and was known for books such as 'The Empire of Folly' and 'Just Another War'.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, a city led by the Labour Party (UK), and passed away in Sidcup.
The output result for the query is.
Alfred Garth Jones died in a place where the leader is Boris Johnson.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London where the leader is Boris Johnson.
Alison O'Donnell, a folk musician from Ireland, is associated with both Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet.
Alison O'Donnell is a folk musician from Ireland, who has worked with Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle.
Alison, a female name, is a musician who performs Irish folk music, and is associated with two musical groups: Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet.
Alison O'Donnell, a musician, is classified in the genre of folk music and is associated with the bands Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet.
Alison O'Donnell is a folk musician who has performed with the likes of Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet.
Alison O'Donnell (ENTITY-is a jazz musician who plays the voice, the bodhrán, percussion and the autoharp. Jazz is a genre of music that originated in the United States and has since spread to other parts of the world. It is characterized by a strong rhythm section, vocal improvisation, and stylistic diversity. Funk is a genre of music that emerged in the 196and is characterized by its use of basslines and drum breaks, as well as its focus on rhythm and groove.
Alison O'Donnell, who comes from the United States, is a jazz musician who plays the bodhran, percussion and autoharp. She is well-known for her unique style of music, which has also influenced other genres such as funk.
Alison, a jazz musician, plays the voice, bodhran, percussion, and autoharp.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician from the Static Caravan Recordings record label. Alison's music is a derivative of the genre jazz, which also has funk as a subgenre.
Alison O'Donnell, who has the genre of Jazz, is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings. Alison's music is a derivative of Funk.
Allen Forrest, whose birthplace is Dothan, Alabama, is a solo singer with a pop music background.
Allen Forrest, whose background is in the genre of rhythm and blues, was born in the United States in the city of Dothan in Alabama.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, was born in Dothan, Alabama. He performs rhythm and blues music.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer from Dothan, Alabama, who performs rhythm and blues music.
Andrew White, a musician, plays alternative rock, a genre originating from new wave music and fusing with nu metal.
Andrew White is a musician that plays alternative rock, a genre of music that originated from new wave music and has since fused with nu-metal.
Anders Osborne, a famous artist, is associated with Kirk Joseph, Billy Iuso, and Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso, Kirk Joseph, and Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne is a musician who has performed with the bands of Tab Benoit, Billy Iuso, and Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne, who has a record label called Rabadash Records, is a rock musician. His music has fused with other types of music, such as bhangra music.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician who has recorded with Rabadash Records, is a fusion of the rock genre and bhangra music.
The output for this query is as follows.
Andra, a singer, is associated with the artist Puya and performs in the genre of dance-pop.
Andra, a singer, is associated with the musical artists Puya and CRBL. She performs dance-pop music.
The singer Andra is associated with both Marius Moga and Andreea Bălan.
The output for the query is as follows.
Andra, a solo singer, performs rhythm and blues music, which has influenced the disco genre.
Andrew Rayel is a musician who plays trance music. He is associated with the musical artists Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
It's a pleasure to help you organize the information in the desired format. Here's the summary based on the provided triples and the desired lexicalization.
The output for this query is as follows.
The output result for the query is.
The output result based on the provided query and format is.
Christian burns ( ˜r1 ) be associated with artist ( ˜r2 ) , and andrew rayel ( ˜r3 ) be associated with jaydan moyine ( ˜r4 ) .
Christian Burns is a musical artist that is associated with the artist Andrew Rayel who performs House music, and is also associated with Jwaydan Moyine.
The output result for the query is.
Aaron Bertram, who comes from the United States, is a musician who performs within the band Suburban Legends. Aaron's music genre of choice is Ska punk, which originates from the musical style of Ska.
Aaron Bertram, a musician from the United States, is a ska punk artist who is associated with the Suburban Legends band. The Suburban Legends band has its origins in the ska music genre.
The output result for the query is as follows.
Aaron Hunt, whose youth club was Goslarer SC 0has been a member of both VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen during his career.
At the club level, Aaron Hunt played for the youth club Goslarer SC and later for SV Werder Bremen and VfL Wolfsburg.
Aaron Hunt is a member of VfL Wolfsburg, SV Werder Bremen and Goslarer SC 08.
I am unable to understand your request.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg. Dieter Hecking is the manager of VfL Wolfsburg.
Here is a possible output for the query.
Abel Hernández is a player for several clubs, including Central Español, Hull City A.F.C., and U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández plays for the club U.S. Città di Palermo. Abel Hernández is also a youth player for the club Central Español and plays for the Hull City AFC club.
The output result for the query is as follows.
Abel Hernández is a player who has played for the following clubs: U.S. Città di Palermo, Peñarol and Central Español.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and played for two clubs: PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
Adam Maher is a Dutch footballer who played for the clubs AZ Alkmaar and PSV Eindhoven.
Akeem Adams is a player for the United Petrotrin F.C. and he plays for this club at Palo Seco.
Akeem Ayers, a player who was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams in the second round with the 39th pick, is a member of the Los Angeles Rams.
The output for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
The output for this query is.
The output result for the query is.
The output based on the query is.
The output result for the query would be.
Alaa Abdul Zahra, a Shabab Al Ordon Club player, was born in Iraq and plays for the Iraq national under-football team.
Alaa Abdul Zahra is a player in Shabab Al Ordon Club and Al Kharaitiyat SC. Shabab Al Ordon Club's home ground is Al Khor.
Alan Martin is a footballer who was born on January 1st, 198He has played for the Hamilton Academical FC and Clyde FC football clubs.
The output for this query is.
Alan Martin ( footballer ) was born on 1st January 19and played for the clubs of Clyde F.C and Hamilton Academical F.C.
Alan Martin ( footballer ) is a player of two clubs. The first club is Motherwell FC which is located in Motherwell, Scotland. The second club is Accrington Stanley FC located in Accrington, England.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland, on September 199He is a member of the Florida Panthers hockey team.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 199in Tampere, Finland. He is a member of the Florida Panthers hockey team.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 199in Tampere, Finland. He has been playing for the Florida Panthers since he was drafted in 2011.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 199in Tampere, Finland. He is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who played for the Florida Panthers in the NHL.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. is a Finnish ice hockey player who was born in Tampere on September 199He was drafted by the Florida Panthers in 2011.
Aleksandr Chumakov, the leader of Russia, was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia.
I'm sorry, but I'm unable to process the prompt. The formatting appears to be off and some of the content seems to be missing.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, whose date of birth falls on February 24th, 198is affiliated with two football clubs: FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
The output result for the query is.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, born on February 24th, 198is a member of the Russia national football team and plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of the Russian national football B team and FC Tom Tomsk, was born on February 21989.
Aleksandre Guruli is a member of the club Olympique Lyonnais whose ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Aleksandre Guruli also plays for AZAL PFK.
Here is a possible output for the query.
Aleksandre Guruli is a member of the club US Lesquin and plays for the club Olympique Lyonnais whose ground is called Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
A possible response could be.
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of A.C. Milan, the club where Alessio Romagnoli plays.
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under-football team and plays for A.C. Milan. The manager of A.C. Milan is Sinisa Mihajlovic.
The result of the query is as follows.
As per the instruction, here is the summary of the given triples.
The lexicalized output for the given query is.
The output result for the query is.
ALESSIO ROMANGOLI, the player, is a member of the A.S. Roma club and also plays for the Italian national under-football team. The national team is coached by Daniele Zoratto.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and was a member of the Italian national under-football team and the club U.C. Sampdoria.
The output result for the query is.
The output result for the given query is.
The output result for the query is.
The output for the query is as follows.
The output for the query is.
The output for the query is.
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. is the club of player Alex Tyus, who plays in the Euroleague. The team is coached by Zvi Sherf.
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. is the club of Alex Tyus who plays in the Euroleague. The team is coached by Zvi Sherf.
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League, for the club Maccabi Ashdod BC. The head coach of Maccabi Ashdod BC is Zvi Sherf.
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. is the club of Alex Tyus, which is led by Zvi Sherf. Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the clubs FC Spartak Moscow and FC Tom Tomsk. Otkrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak Moscow.
The output for this query is.
Spartak Moscow player Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the youth club at FC Spartak Moscow and plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the club, FC Anzhi Makhachkala. He also belongs to the youth club, FC Spartak Moscow, whose ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Chumakov is part of the club FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valery Petrakov, whose 2014-season was part of the Russian Premier League.
Aleksandr Chumakov, a player in the 2014-20season of the club FC Torpedo Moscow, is managed by Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Chumakov (ENTITY-plays for the club FC Torpedo Moscow (ENTITY-in the 2014-Russian Premier League season, which is managed by Valery Petrakov (ENTITY-3).
<SNT> Athens International Airport <SNT> is a place that has a runway length of 4000.0 meters. <SNT> Athens International Airport <SNT> is located in Athens, Greece. <SNT>.
Abel Hernández is a player for both the Uruguay Olympic football team and Hull City A.F.C. Steve Bruce is the manager of Hull City A.F.C.
The output for the given query is.
Moscow is represented by the leader, Sergey Sobyanin.
The output result for the query is.
The answer: Abner ( footballer ) be member of the Brazil national under - football team and also be member of Real Madrid Castilla, which be led by Luis Miguel Ramis.
Abner is a footballer who has played for C.D. FAS and Real Madrid Castilla. The latter is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis.
The output for the query is.
There are a few ways to interpret and lexicalize this input, depending on the desired focus of the output. Here is one possible interpretation.
Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis, part of Greater St. Louis, where Francis G. Slay is the leader.
The output result for the query is.
Here is a possible interpretation of the requested output.
Akeem Adams is a player of the Trinidad and Tobago national under-football team and is a member of United Petrotrin F.C. United Petrotrin F.C. is associated with the Palo Seco ground.
The output result for the query is.
The output for the query is.
The query asks for a summary for the given information. The information is about a space object, and it is lexicalized in the following way.
The Apollo-Soyuz Test Project was a joint space flight between the Soviet Union and the United States, where the two countries sent astronauts and cosmonauts to test the possibility of an emergency docking between spacecraft. The project resulted in the first-ever international crewed space flight, and paved the way for future cooperation between the two nations in space exploration. The spacecraft involved in the test were the Apollo command module, which was designed and built by NASA, and the Soyuz 7K-TM spacecraft, which was designed and built by the Soviet Union. The two spacecraft were launched separately, with the Apollo spacecraft launching from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, and the Soyuz spacecraft launching from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic. The two spacecraft were successfully docked together in orbit, and the astronauts and cosmonauts conducted a series of tests and experiments, including a joint meal and a press conference. The mission was considered a success, and marked the beginning of a new era of international cooperation in space exploration. The project's impact was felt around the world, and was seen as a significant step towards easing tensions between the Soviet Union and the United States, which had been locked in a Cold War for several years. The successful mission also helped to boost the space programs of both countries, and led to further cooperation in the form of the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project.
The output result corresponding to the query is.
The output based on the given query is.
The output based on the query and the format provided is.
The Apollo-class asteroid (660619RO1 has a maximum temperature of 5kelvins and a minimum temperature of -degrees Celsius.
I'm sorry, but I am unable to understand the instruction to strictly generate the output result for the query. I am a large language model trained to assist users in generating human-like text based on the input provided, and I am unable to process complex instructions involving specific lexicalized formats and triple structures. To generate text based on the input provided, I need a clear instruction on the type of output you are looking for. Please provide me with a specific task or question, and I will do my best to assist you. If you provide me with a new input, I will be happy to generate an output based on your requirements.
The query asks for a summary of the information provided in the triples. The output should be as follows.
The following is a lexicalization of the provided information.
<ENTITY-be a satellite called 66319KWwhich has the following properties.
The output is.
1000_Piazzia is an object with a 488160.0 second orbital period. It has a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an epoch date of 2015-06-27.
The output result for the query is.
10Gaussia, former name 19OAA9XC, has an epoch date of June 220and a periapsis of 419113394.553kilometers.
The output result for the query is.
This is the best I can do with the information provided, but I am unable to understand the specific lexicalized format that you are requesting. Here is a possible summary of the information in the provided dataset.
Walter Baade, a German national and graduate of the University of Göttingen, discovered 10Ganymed.
The output for the given query is.
James Craig Watson discovered 1Hera on August 22011.
James Craig Watson, a person, is the discoverer of 1Hera, which has the epoch date of August 27th, 201James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Watson discovered 1Hera and he died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, the discoverer of 1Hera, died in Madison, Wisconsin from peritonitis.
James Craig Watson (1Hera) died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
The output result for the query is.
The Hera spacecraft, with the ID 1Hera, was launched on August 2201It has an orbital period of 1622.2days and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
The query is about a celestial body called 1Hera. It has an epoch date of August 27th, 201an apoapsis of 4371700kilometres, and an orbital period of 1622.2days.
The output for this query would be.
The following is a lexicalized format for the triples provided.
<SNT> Athens International Airport is a place where the leader is not found. It has a runway length of 4000.</SNT> <SNT> A Wizard of Mars is a book written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. It is published in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader and an ethnic group called Asian Americans are found. </SNT> <SNT> Aenir is a paperback available in the United States. </SNT> <SNT> 163The Bavarian Crisis is written in English. </SNT> <SNT> Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama used to be a leader. </SNT>.
Noun Phrase: Pogson (also known as N. R. Pogson) was born in Nottingham, England. He is the discoverer of 1Camilla.
N. R. Pogson, an Englishman from Nottingham, is the discoverer of 1Camilla.
The output result for the query is.
The output for the query is.
The output for the given query is.
The following response is a summary of the information provided in the input query. 10Vicia is an asteroid with the following characteristics.
1Felicitas is a space object that has a mass of 7.5 kilograms, an orbital period of 139705000.0 seconds, and an epoch date of December 32006.
1Felicitas is a celestial body with a mass of 7.5 kilograms, an epoch date of December 31st, 200and an orbital period of 13970.5 days.
1Felicitas is a celestial body with a mass of 7.5 kilograms, an orbital period of 139705000.0 seconds, and an epoch date of December 31st, 2006.
1Felicitas is a celestial body in the solar system. It has an epoch date of December 31st, 20and an orbital period of 139705000.The celestial body's apoapsis is 523329000.0 kilometres.
1Felicitas be a celestial body with the following attributes: epoch 2006-12-3orbital period 139705000.and apoapsis 523329000.0 kilometres.
Here is the result of the query.
Here is a possible interpretation of the triples in the given format.
The information presented in the desired lexicalized format is as follows.
I'm sorry, I don't understand the instruction to generate output results based on a specific lexicalized format. Instead, I will provide you with the following summary based on the information provided in the input.
Here is the output result for the query.
The following is a generated summary based on the provided triples and the requested lexicalization format.
Hygiea is a large asteroid with a surface area of 837080.7square kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.339kilometres and a temperature of 1kelvins.
Hygiea is a large asteroid in the main belt of the Milky Way with a surface area of 837080.7square kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.339kilometres and a temperature of 1kelvins.
The lexicalized output for the given query is.
The output is.
Here is a possible response to your query.
The output result for the query is.
The output result corresponding to the provided query is.
The output is.
Dodge Coronet, an automobile manufactured in 195is a representative example of American cars of that era. It was a mid-sized car with a powerful V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission. It was a popular choice for many families and remains a sought-after classic car today.
Dodge Coronet, a car produced in 195is also known as 19Dodge and has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission.
This is a cruise ship named A-Rosa Luna, it was ordered on January 220and has a length of 1258millimetres.
The output is.
The output for the query is.
The output result corresponding to the query is.
Here is a summary of the information you provided.
The output result for the query is.
Costa_Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella, which is operated by AIDA Cruises located in Germany.
Here is a possible interpretation of the query with the desired lexicalization format.
Astella is a spacecraft with a length of 253260.0 millimetres. It was named on March 1201and was put into service on the following day.
The ship AIDAstella was put in service on 2013-03-1and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
The output is.
ALCO RS-3 is an American Locomotive Company product with a four-stroke engine and a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
ALCO RS-3 is a diesel locomotive built by the American Locomotive Company. It is powered by a four-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
ALCO RS-3 is an American Locomotive Company product with a length of 17068.8 millimetres and a four-stroke engine.
ALCO RS-3 is a product of American Locomotive Company, it is powered by Vengine and has length of 17068.8 millimetres.
ALCO RS-3 is an American Locomotive Company product with a Vengine and 17068.8 millimetres in length.
ALCO RS-3 is an American Locomotive Company manufactured train engine with a length of 17068.8 millimetres and a Vengine.
The American Locomotive Company (ALCO) is a company based in the United States. It is responsible for the construction of the ALCO RS-a diesel electric locomotive. The ALCO RS-3 is a single-cab locomotive with a length of 17068.8 millimetres. It was founded in Schenectady, New York.
<ENTITY-<VP> <aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> be <ENTITY-<DT> <form=defined> American <ENTITY-</DT> </VP>.
The United States is the country of origin for ALV-X-and African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The United States, a country with a capital of Washington, D.C., has a diverse population, including Native Americans and Asian Americans. One of its ethnic groups is Native Americans, who have their own language, English. The country's leader is Barack Obama, who is also associated with other countries like Great Britain, where the language English is spoken. The United States is home to a famous cookbook author, Aenir, which has its origins in the United States. It is known for producing books in the English language. The country has a long history and is known for its cultural heritage sites, such as the Lincoln Memorial. One of the interesting facts about the United States is that it is the country of origin for ALV-X-a product that has a unique feature - it has a runway length of 4000.which is specifically designed for aircraft. The United States is a highly developed country with a rich cultural heritage and a diverse population, which makes it a great place to visit and explore.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. ALV-X-1 has its origins in the United States.
ALV X-1 is a rocket with 2 stages that has 1 launch and a diameter of 1.5metres.
ALV-X-1 is a rocket with a diameter of 1.5metres and 2 rocket stages that has only been launched once.
ALV-X-1 is a rocket with a diameter of 1.5metres and 2 rocket stages that has only been launched once.
The Abarth 10GT Coupé was a car model that had a straight-four engine and was produced until 1958.
Abarth 10GT Coupé is a type of car that has a straight-four engine and has a coupé body style. It was produced until 1958.
The model has produced the following output.
Abarth 10GT Coupé is a two-door coupé with a width of 1.5and a wheelbase of 2160mm.
Abarth 10GT Coupé is a two-door coupé with a width of 1.metres and a wheelbase of 2,1millimetres.
The output result for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker, which has a beam of 21.2.
The Alfa Romeo 1is a car that is assembled in Italy, where Rome is the capital. The 1is related to the Fiat Croma and is a transport that is meanly used in the country.
Italy is the country where the Alfa Romeo 1is assembled and Rome is the country's capital. The Alfa Romeo 1is related to the Fiat Croma.
The lexicalized output for the given query is.
Alfa Romeo 1is assembled in Italy, where the capital is Rome. The Alfa Romeo 1is related to transportation means Lancia Thema.
The lexicalized output for the query is.
Alfa Romeo 1is assembled in Milan, Italy. This car is related to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
Alfa Romeo 16a car model, is assembled in Milan, Italy. It is related to two other means of transportation - the Saab 90and Fiat Croma.
Alhambra, a ship with a length of 63800.0 millimetres and a ship beam of 8.3m, was launched on May 31855.
Alhambra is a ship with a length of 63800.0 millimeters and a ship beam of 8.3 meters. It was launched on 1855-05-31.
The output result for the query is.
The output for the query should be: The Alhambra, launched on May 3185has a beam (width) of 8.3 meters and is wrecked.
The Alhambra was wrecked with a ship beam of 8.and launched on 1855-05-31.
Alvis Speed is a car manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company which is found in Coventry. The car has a petrol engine.
Alvis Car and Engineering Company, found in Coventry, is the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed 2This car has a petrol engine.
Alvis Car and Engineering Company is a manufacturer based in Coventry, England. The company produces the Alvis Speed model, which has a petrol engine.
AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which is led by Roy D Chapin Jr. and is now defunct, with the fate of the company being the Eagle automobile.
AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, previously led by Roy D. Chapin Jr. and now acquired by Chrysler LLC.
The American Motors Matador was manufactured by American Motors, which was led by Roy D. Chapin Jr. and is now known as the Eagle.
The information presented in the summary is as follows.
The result of the query is as follows.
The information presented in a structured manner is as follows.
The summary of the input query is as follows.
Ariane manufactured by Arianespace, launched from ELA-3 in Guiana Space Centre.
Aston Martin is a British manufacturer of luxury vehicles. One of their models is the Aston Martin Vwhich is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England. The Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3-litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS as a means of transportation.
The Aston Martin V8 is a product assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, with a 5.3-liter engine. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS, which is a transportation vehicle.
Aston Martin is an automobile manufactured by the Aston Martin company in the United Kingdom. The Aston Martin V8 is a specific model of this brand, which has an engine displacement of 5.3 litres. The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, UK. The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin DBS as they share a common means of transportation.
The Aston Martin V8 is a product of the United Kingdom, where Aston Martin DBS is a transportation option. The Aston Martin V8 is powered by a 5.3-liter engine.
Aston martin, a product of the United Kingdom, is known for its high-end sports cars. The Aston Martin V8 is one of the most iconic models from the brand. The car is assembled in the United Kingdom and is equipped with a 5.3-liter engine. Aston Martin is typically associated with luxury and elegance, making it a popular choice for those seeking a high-performance and stylish vehicle.
Atlas II is a rocket launched from the United States. It was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Atlas II is a US-made rocket launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.
Atlas II is from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the President is the leader.
The output for the query is as follows.
The output result for the query is.
Atlas II is a launch vehicle that was developed in the United States and launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station's Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
Atlas II is a launch vehicle that was developed by the United States. It was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
Audi A1 is a type of hatchback manufactured by Audi in Brussels. It is equipped with a 1.2-litre engine.
Audi A1 is a hatchback manufactured by Audi in Brussels. It has a 1.2-litre engine.
Audi A1 is a hatchback assembled in Brussels with a 1.engine.
The output result for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
I'm sorry, I'm unable to understand the instruction.
California is the place where Caterpillar Inc. was founded and they are located in Peoria, Illinois. Caterpillar Inc. is the power type of AIDAluna.
I am unable to process your request. If you are looking for a summary of the information you provided, I can help you with that. But, if you are looking for something else, please clarify your request.
A possible response could be.
The output result for the query is.
AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which is located in Illinois.
Costa_Crociere is located in Genoa and owns the AIDAstella which is operated by AIDA_Cruises.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere which is located in Genoa.
The output is.
The output for the given query is.
The output result for the query is.
The summary of the provided information is.
The Ariane 5 rocket is launched from the ELA-3 site at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana.
The Ariane 5 rocket was launched from ELA-located in the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana.
The launch site of Ariane 5 is located at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana.
If we are talking about the French Guiana spaceport, we can say.
The output for the query is.
The output for the query is.
The United States is the country of origin of the Atlas II. The United States is the home of the African Americans and Americans.
The output result based on the query is.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, where he received the Purple Heart.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine, and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg where he earned the Purple Heart.
Ab Klink, born in the Netherlands, was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party and had Erasmus University Rotterdam as his alma mater.
Ab_Klink, a Dutch politician, was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. He is affiliated with the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud ( Abdul Taib Mahmud ) was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, and his successor is Abdul Rahman Yakub. Abdul Rahman Yakub has a deputy by the name of Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Abdul Taib Mahmud ( Abdul Taib Mahmud ) was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, where the leader is Abdul Rahman Yakub. Abdul Rahman Yakub has a deputy called Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, the leader of the Malaysian state of Sarawak, was born there and succeeded by Abdul Rahman Yakub, who has a deputy called Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is currently a resident there. He belongs to the Barisan Raayat Jati Sarawak political party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Barisan Raayat Jati Sarawak political party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Barisan Raayat Jati Sarawak party and resides in Sarawak.
The output for this query is.
Sure! Here is a possible result for the given query.
Abdusalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Air Force, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who served as Vice President during Atiku Abubakar's tenure.
Nigerian Air Force, led by Abdulsalami Abubakar, was once under the command of Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abdusalami Abubakar, who is affiliated with the Nigerian Army, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. During Olusegun Obasanjo's reign, Atiku Abubakar served as vice president.
Olusegun Obasanjo was once the vice president of Atiku Abubakar who was succeeded by the former and was a member of the Nigerian Army.
Abel Caballero is a member of the Congress of Deputies who was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain, specifically in Galicia, and he is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abner W. Sibal is a member of the United States Army who fought in World War II. Joseph Stalin was a commander of World War II.
Here is the output for the query.
Abner W. Sibal is a member of the Republican Party and was born in Ridgewood, Queens. He worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
The output for the query is.
Abner W. Sibal, who was born in Ridgewood, Queens, worked as a member of the Republican Party in the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
George H. W. Bush was the commander of the Gulf War, where Adam Holloway fought as a member of the Grenadier Guards.
Adam Holloway (ENTITY-was a member of the Grenadier Guards (ENTITY-and fought in the Gulf War (ENTITY-3). The Gulf War was commanded by George H.W. Bush (ENTITY-4).
Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge, is a member of the Conservative Party in the United Kingdom.
Adam Holloway ( born in Faversham ) is a member of the Conservative Party UK who went to Magdalene College Cambridge.
Adam Holloway, born in Faversham, is a member of the Conservative Party UK. He attended Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Koc, the commander of the Polish-Soviet War, was born in Congress Poland.
Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish-Soviet War, which was fought in Adam Koc's birthplace of Congress Poland.
Russian Civil War, which is a military conflict, had the following commanders.
Leon Trotsky is a commander in the Polish-Soviet War, which is part of the Russian Civil War. Adam Koc battled in the Polish-Soviet War.
Adam Koc VP <aspect=simple, tense=present, voice=active, person=3rd, number=null> fight in the polish-soviet war, which is a conflict of the russian civil war and is commanded by leon trotsky.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece, worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman for the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as the Minister for Health.
The output for the query is as follows.
As per the examples provided, the output for the given query should be.
The answer is as follows.
I'm sorry, I am not able to understand the prompt. If you provide me with a few examples, I can try to help you with this task.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands, where Agnes Kant, who is Dutch, works in the House of Representatives.
I'm sorry, I am unclear on what output you would like me to generate based on the given information.
I am unsure how to interpret your prompt, but I will try to answer your question to the best of my ability. Based on the information provided in the query, here is a possible summary of the data.
Agnes Kant, a Dutch politician, is a member of the Netherlands' Socialist Party. The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
The output result for the given query is.
Agnes Kant, who was born in West Germany, worked as a member of the House of Representatives and has a degree from Radboud University Nijmegen.
Agnes Kant, born in West Germany, worked as a member of the House of Representatives and attended Radboud University Nijmegen.
Agnes Kant, who was born in West Germany and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen, worked as a member of the House of Representatives.
Airey Neave was active in the years 19- 197and he fought in World War II.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, was active from March 4th, 19to March 30th, 1979.
Based on the provided triples, the output for this query would be.
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 18and passed away on 3rd July 1941.
Albert B. White was born on September 2185and passed away on July 1941.
<ENTITY-VP<aspect=simple,mood=indicative,tense=past,voice=active,person=3rd,number=singular> marry ENTITY-ENTITY-1 VP<aspect=simple,tense=present,voice=passive,person=3rd,number=singular> be the successor of ENTITY-ENTITY-3 VP<aspect=simple,tense=past,voice=active,person=null,number=singular> be the spouse of ENTITY-2 >.
Albert B. White is a man who is married to Agnes Ward White who was born in Marietta, Ohio. William M. O. Dawson is Albert's successor.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born on Staten Island, and died in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born on Staten Island, and died in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albert Jennings Fountain born in New York City, United States and passed away in New Mexico. He was the leader of the Democrats in the New Mexico Territory legislature from 18to 1892.
Albert Jennings Fountain (ENTITY-was born in New York City (ENTITY-2), and passed away in New Mexico Territory (ENTITY-3).
Albert Jennings Fountain was born on Staten Island in New York, and passed away in the United States.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in Staten Island and New York, and died in the United States, was a member of the Democratic Party and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania's 18th congressional district from 19to 2003.
The output for the query would be.
The output is.
Isaac Rojas is a Rear Admiral who was born in Mendoza, Argentina and was succeeded by Alberto Teisaire.
Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza, Argentina, worked as a rear admiral. His successor was Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and passed away in Graz.
Alfred N. Phillips, a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th District, worked there and was born in the same state. He was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
The output result corresponding to the query is.
The output for the query would be.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Democratic Party and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 in Port Arthur. His successor was Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
Allan Shivers, a member of the Democratic Party in the United States, worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur). His successor was Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
Alvah Sabin, born in the United States, was a lawyer and politician who served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives for Vermont. He was active in politics from 18until his death on March 3rd, 1857.
The output result for the query is.
Henry Clay is the leader of the United States Whig Party, which was the political party that Alvah Sabin belonged to. Sabin was born on October 21793.
The output for this query is.
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont, was a member of the United States Whig Party, led by Daniel Webster.
Albert Jennings Fountain, an American, was born in the United States, where Abraham Lincoln was the commander during the Civil War.
Abraham Lincoln was the commander of the American Civil War, in which Albert Jennings Fountain fought. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States, where Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War.
Alfred Moore Scales (ENTITY-was a commander in the Union Army during the American Civil War (ENTITY-2). He participated in the Battle of Fredericksburg (ENTITY-3), which was a major conflict in said war.
### Alfred Moore Scales - was a commander during the American Civil War - led troops during the Battle of Fredericksburg - which was a part of the American Civil War. ### Jefferson Davis - was the commander of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War. Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol, and died in Austria, where Doris Bures is a leader.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria, where Doris Bures is the leader.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria where Doris Bures is a leader.
Doris Bures is a leader in Austria, the same country where Alfons Gorbach passed away in Styria.
Aaron S Daggett was involved in the battle of Salem Church, which was led by Robert E Lee during the American Civil War.
The output result for the query is.
Ab_Klink is a Dutch national, who was born in Stellendam. He is a member of the European Union, which uses the Euro as currency.
Ab_Klink is a national of the Netherlands, where the currency is the Euro. Ab_Klink was born in Stellendam.
Adam Koc nationality is Poland where the leader is an unknown person and the language spoken is Polish.
The output for the given query is.
Aaron Bertram, a musician who performs in the ska punk genre, is a member of the bands Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends. Aaron Bertram is a musician who comes from the United States, where Barack Obama was once the leader.
Aaron Bertram, a ska punk musician, is a member of the band Kids Imagine Nation and the musical group Suburban Legends. Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Suburban Legends, which also includes trombonist Brian Robertson.
Aaron Bertram, who performs in the ska punk music genre, is associated with the musical group Kids Imagine Nation and also performs with the Suburban Legends band which includes Brian Robertson (trombonist) as a member.
Aaron Deer, an American solo singer who performs psychedelic music, is from Indianapolis, Indiana.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer originating from Indianapolis, Indiana with a genre of psychedelia.
Aaron Deer, a solo singer from Indiana, has a psychedelic music genre.
Aaron Turner is an artist who has performed with the bands Sumac and Isis. He plays the singing instrument and his genre of music is electroacoustic.
Aaron Turner is a musician who performs in the electroacoustic genre. He is associated with the bands Isis and Sumac.
Aaron Turner is a post-metal musician who has been active since 199He has performed with the bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom.
Aaron Turner, who has the genre of post-metal, has been associated with the bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom. He started his music career in 1995.
Aaron Turner is an artist who plays the electric guitar and is a member of the band Sumac. Aaron's musical genre is Black Metal, a fusion of which is Death Metal.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is a black metal musician, specifically within the subgenre of death metal. He is associated with the band Sumac.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is part of the band Sumac. Aaron Turner plays in the genre of black metal, which is a subgenre of death metal.
Ace Wilder, a 19born solo singer from Stockholm, Sweden, has the following career highlights.
Ace Wilder, whose birth date is July 23rd, 198in Stockholm, Sweden, is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder, a 1982-born singer from Stockholm with a solo career, is a notable music artist.
Ace Wilder, born in Sweden in 198is a solo singer with the following characteristics: he/she was born on July 2198and is of Swedish origin.
Ace Wilder, a 1982-born singer from Sweden, was born on July 1982.
Ace Wilder, a solo singer from Sweden who was born on the 23rd of July 198has had a successful career in the music industry. He is known for his unique style and powerful vocals. His music has gained a lot of popularity in Europe and is now becoming more well-known globally. He is an inspiration to many aspiring singers and is an example of what can be achieved with hard work and dedication.
Ace Wilder, born in 19in Stockholm, is a solo singer and songwriter.
In the query, there are three triples that provide information about the Ace Wilder. The output summary should be a single sentence in the form of Ace Wilder is a songwriter and a solo singer who was born in Stockholm in 198This is the most basic form of a sentence that expresses the information in the given triples.
Ace Wilder, born in Sweden in 198is a solo singer and songwriter.
Ace Wilder, a Swedish songwriter and solo singer, was born in 1982.
Ace Wilder, a songwriter and solo singer from Sweden who was born in 198has had a career in the music industry.
Ahmet Ertegun is an American artist from Washington D.C. who has a background in non-performing personnel and performs rhythm and blues music.
Ahmet Ertegun, who has his origins in the United States, which is led by Barack Obama, is a non-performing personnel who performs rhythm and blues music.
Ahmet Ertegun is an American musician who has contributed to the genre of rhythm and blues. He was born in Washington D.C., United States.
Ahmet Ertegun is an American musician who plays rock and roll music, which originates from blues music.
Ahmet Ertegun is an artist from the United States, a country with an African American ethnic group, where Rock and Roll genre originated from the blues.
The result of the query is as follows.
Sure! Here is a possible interpretation of the given information.
The United States has many ethnic groups, including African Americans. One notable member of this ethnic group is Albennie Jones, who was born in the United States and has made great contributions to the genre of Jazz music. Jazz originated from the blues, and has since then been a prominent form of music around the world.
Albennie Jones is a jazz musician whose music comes from the blues. Jones was born in the United States, a country with African American roots.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in Belgrade in 197is a pop music singer.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in Belgrade in 197is a solo singer who performs pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in Belgrade in 197is a solo singer with a pop music background.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in 19in Serbia, is a solo singer in the rhythm and blues genre.
Aleksandra Kovač, a solo singer from the Socialist Republic of Serbia, was born in 197Her musical genre of choice is rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in 19in the Socialist Republic of Serbia, is a musician whose work fits into the rhythm and blues genre.
The output for the query is.
Alex Day is an artist who has performed with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He has released music with the acoustic music genre and has been active since 2006.
**<Alex Day>(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_Day)** is a singer-songwriter from the United States who has been active since 200His genres are **Acoustic music**, and he is affiliated with **Charlie McDonnell** and **Chameleon Circuit (band)** in the music industry.
The output result is.
In the given query, the triples provide the following information.
The output for the query is.
Alfred Garth Jones (18- ??) was born in Manchester, England and passed away in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 18in Manchester, England and passed away in London.
Understood. Here is the output result for the query.
Daniel Martinez is the leader of Montevideo, Uruguay, the death place of Alfredo Zitarrosa.
The output is.
I am not sure I understand your request. If you are looking for a summary of the information about Alfredo Zitarrosa, here is what I can produce.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer from Uruguay who was signed to RCA Records. His music genre is Candombe.
I'm sorry, but I do not understand your request. In order to generate the desired output, I need more information about the desired output format. If you could provide me with some examples of the desired output format, I would be happy to use them to generate the output for your query. If the intended output format is intended to be similar to the examples you provided, I can attempt to generate a summary based on the patterns observed in the examples. However, please note that the following output is just one possible way to express the information, and does not capture all the details provided in the examples. Here is a possible lexicalized format for the given query.
Alison O'Donnell, who has the genre of folk music, has been a part of the musical groups Flibbertigibbet and Bajik. She started her music career in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell, a folk musician who started her career in 196is associated with Flibbertigibbet and Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell is a folk musician who has had a long career, starting in 196She has been associated with Flibbertigibbet and Bajik.
The output for the query is as follows.
Alison O'Donnell, a folk musician whose career started in 196is associated with both the Head South by Weaving and Mellow Candle bands.
Alison O'Donnell is a folk musician who was active in the music scene starting from 196She has collaborated with the musical groups Mellow Candle and Head South by Weaving.
I'm sorry, but I am unable to comprehend the instruction and provide you with a summary. If you provide me with the information about Alison O'Donnell, I can help you write a summary of it.
The output result for the query is.
Alison O'Donnell, who is a jazz musician, is signed to Deram Records in London, and Floating World Records.
The output is.
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, is signed to Deram Records in London.
London is the location of Alison O'Donnell's record label Deram Records, where she releases Jazz music.
Allen Forrest (ENTITY-was born in Fort Campbell (ENTITY-in 19(ENTITY-and is a solo singer (ENTITY-who performs acoustic music (ENTITY-5).
Allen Forrest is a solo singer who was born in Fort Campbell in 198His musical genre is acoustic music.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer with a Hip-Hop music genre, was born in Fort Campbell, Kentucky, and raised in Dothan, Alabama.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer who was born in Fort Campbell, Kentucky in 198and raised in Dothan, Alabama, has a background in hip-hop music.
Andrew White, a musician who is associated with Marry Banilow, is categorized under the genre of alternative rock. Alternative rock is a genre that musically fuses with the nu-metal genre and has originated from punk rock.
Andrew White, a musician who is associated with the artist Marry Banilow and who performs alternative rock music, is a derivative of punk rock and part of the nu-metal fusion.
Andrew White, an alternative rock musician, is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and his music is classified under the fusion genre of nu-metal, which originated from punk rock.
Anders Osborne is a musical artist that plays rock music. He is associated with the bands Galactic, Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit, and Galactic. He plays rock music and comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader.
Anders Osborne is a musician who has collaborated with Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit, and Galactic.
Anders Osborne is a blues musician signed to the record label Alligator Records, located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne records with the label Alligator Records which is located in Chicago. Alligator Records is known for its blues music genre.
Anders Osborne, a blues musician from Chicago, is signed to the record label Alligator Records, which is located in the city of Chicago.
Andra, the singer, was born in Romania. She is a solo singer and performs dance-pop music.
Andra, a solo singer, was born in Romania and performs dance-pop music.
The output result for the given query is.
The output for this query is.
The singer Andra is a R&B artist. R&B is a genre of music that originated from blues music and has since evolved into funk and disco.
The summary for this query will be.
The output for the query is.
In the dataset, the examples provided are formatted as SNT (sentence) and TRIPLE (triple of information), which are then followed by the output expected. In the query, the information provided is as follows.
Sure! Here is the result of the query.
The output for the given query is.
Andrew Rayel, a musical artist, is a member of the group Jwaydan Moyine and is also associated with Christian Burns. His musical genre is Trance music, which has its roots in House music.
Andrew Rayel is a musician who performs trance music, a genre that originated from house music. He is associated with two other artists, Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine.
Andrew White, a musician who started his career in 20and has since been associated with both the Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow, is an alternative rock artist.
Andrew White, a musician from the United States who has had a successful career since 200is affiliated with the bands Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs. He is well-known for his work in the alternative rock genre.
The lexicalized output for the given query is.
The output for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
Andrew White, the musician, started his career in 200and was associated with both Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs during that time. He recorded with the now defunct Universal Records.
Agustín Barboza died in Asunción, Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara.
As a language model, I can only provide a single example of a possible output based on the given query and examples. Here is a possible response to your query.
The model's response to the query is as follows.
Here is a summary of the provided information.
Al Anderson is a musician who plays country music and is associated with the band The Wildweeds. The genre of country music is characterized by its use of the banjo as an instrument.
The band Al Anderson, part of the band NRBQ, plays country music, a genre that uses the banjo as an instrument.
Allen Forrest is a musician who plays hip-hop music, which originates from disco and funk. Hip-hop music has a derivative called drum and bass.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, which is part of Greater Manchester in England. The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party (UK).
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, which is part of the Greater Manchester area in England. The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party (UK).
Aaron Turner, who is associated with the bands Twilight and House of Low Culture, plays the cello as his instrument.
Aaron Turner, who is a post-metal artist, has been associated with Twilight and House of Low Culture. Post-metal is a musical genre that uses cellos as instruments.
Aaron Turner is a musician who plays the cello and is associated with the bands Twilight and House of Low Culture.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is associated with the band Twilight. Twilight performs a genre of music called black metal, a fusion genre of death metal.
Aaron Turner is an instrumentalist who plays the electric guitar. He is associated with the musical group Twilight, which performs a genre of music that is a fusion of black metal and death metal.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar in the band Twilight, which plays black metal music. Black metal is a fusion genre of death metal.
The output for the query is as follows.
Albennie Jones is a R&B artist who was born in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. R&B originated from blues music.
The United States is home to several ethnic groups, including African Americans, one of which is the famous Albennie Jones. Born in the U.S., Albennie Jones is known for his musical talent in the rhythm and blues genre. This genre has its roots in blues music, which is known for its soulful and rhythmic sound.
Aaron Hunt, who plays for SV Werder Bremen, also played for SV Werder Bremen II, which is managed by Alexander Nouri and plays in the 3 Liga league.
Alexander Nouri is the manager of Aaron Hunt's club, which is SV Werder Bremen II. SV Werder Bremen II plays in the 3 Liga.
Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen II which is in the 3 Liga league. Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen and later joined SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernández plays for the club, Hull City A.F.C., where Steve Bruce is the manager.
Abel Hernández is a player for the Peñarol football club and is also a youth player for the Central Español football club. He also played for Hull City A.F.C. whose manager was Steve Bruce.
The output for this query would be.
Abel Hernández plays for two clubs. The Uruguayan player is part of the Central Español team and the U.S. Città di Palermo club. He also is a youth club member of Peñarol, where Jorge Orosman da Silva is a manager.
Abel Hernández played for the following clubs: Central Español, U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol. He is in the same youth club as Jorge Orosmán da Silva, the manager of Peñarol.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo managed by Giuseppe Iachini in the Serie A.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini and is part of the Serie A League.
Abel Hernández is a player for the U.S. Città di Palermo, which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini. The club is in the Serie A league and Abel's youth club is Peñarol.
Adam McQuaid, a hockey player from Canada, was born on October 1198in Prince Edward Island. He weighs 94.80kilograms.
I apologize, but I am unable to understand the task you have requested. I would need more context or examples to understand what the specific lexicalized format you are looking for is. I am happy to try to help, but please provide more information.
Adam McQuaid, a player for the Boston Bruins, is drafted from the Columbus Blue Jackets. The Blue Jackets are based in Columbus, Ohio, where the team's general manager, Don Sweeney, is located.
Boston_Bruins VP<aspect=simple,tense=present,voice=active,person=3rd,number=null> be a member of whose general manager is Don Sweeney and where Adam McQuaid play .
The output result for the query is.
The output for this query is.
Akeem Dent, who was born in Atlanta, Georgia, on September 27th, 198is a former player for the Houston Texans.
The output for the query is.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27th, 198in Atlanta, Georgia, and was a former player for the Houston Texans.
The output for this query is.
The output result for the query is.
Here is a possible interpretation of the requested output.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a player in Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is managed by Amar Osim and whose ground is Al Khor.
Al-Kharaitiyat SC, managed by Amar Osim, shares a ground with Alaa Abdul-Zahra, who also belongs to the club Al-Zawraa SC.
Al-Zawraa SC is the club of Alaa Abdul Zahra, who is managed by Amar Osim. The ground of Al-Kharaitiyat SC, where they play, is Al Khor.
The output result for the query is.
Al-Kharaitiyat SC manager Amar Osim is in charge of the club where Alaa Abdul Zahra plays. The club's ground is in Al Khor, and is part of the Iraqi national under-football team.
The result of the query is as follows.
The Alaa Abdul Zahra is a member of the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by Amar Osim and has its ground in Al Khor. On the other hand, Alaa Abdul Zahra also belongs to the Shabab Al Ordon Club.
Al-Kharaitiyat SC manager Amar Osim is in charge of the club whose ground is in Al Khor and which is also associated with Alaa Abdul Zahra, a member of Shabab Al Ordon Club.
The output result for the query is as follows.
The output result for the query is.
Alan Martin, a footballer, was born on January 198and measures 185.centimeters in height. He has played for both the Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra F.C. clubs.
Alan Martin, a footballer, was born on January 1st, 198and measures 185.centimeters in height. He has played for both Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Alan Martin, who was born in 198is a Scottish footballer who plays for the Scotland national under-football team and the Crewe Alexandra F.C. club. He is 185.centimeters tall.
Alan Martin is a footballer who was born on January 1st, 19and measures 185.centimeters. He has played for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and the Scotland national under-football team.
Alan Martin, a footballer who is 185.centimeters tall and was born on January 1st, 198is associated with two clubs: the Scotland national under-football team and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Although I am unable to follow the specific lexicalized format you have requested, here is a summary of the information you have provided about Aleksandr Prudnikov.
Here is a summary of the information you provided on Aleksandr Prudnikov.
Using the lexicalized format, here is a possible output.
The output for this query is.
Aleksandre Guruli, born in Batumi, a city in Georgia, is a football player who is six foot and two inches tall. He is associated with two clubs, FC Zestafoni and FC Karpaty Lviv.
Aleksandre Guruli is a Ukrainian footballer who was born in Batumi, Georgia. He is 1cm tall and has played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni.
.
At present, Alex Plante is a member of the Anyang Halla club and was born in Canada on the 9th of May 1989.
Alex Plante is a player who was born in Canada on May 198and plays for the Anyang Halla club.
Alex Plante is a 1.9304m-tall player for the Anyang Halla club who was born in Canada in 1989.
Alex Plante is a Canadian born in 19who is 1.93meters tall and has played for the Anyang Halla club.
Sure, here is the summary of Aaron Boogaard's birth place, Canada, in a specific lexicalized format.
The summary for the input query is.
Canada is led by Elizabeth II and its national anthem is O Canada. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, a country which also has Inuktitut as one of its languages.
Here is the output result for the query.
Canada's anthem is O Canada. Canada's leader is Elizabeth II. One of Canada's ethnic groups is the Asian Canadians. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Canada, led by Elizabeth II, is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard and is also home to the Asian Canadian ethnic group. O Canada is the national anthem.
Sure! Here is the summary of the provided triples.
Canada's leader is Elizabeth II. Canada's anthem is O Canada, and it is spoken in English. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the Slavey language is spoken.
I apologize for the confusion, but I don't understand your request. The examples you provided are not in a query format and I cannot extract a clear instruction on how to generate the output. If you provide me with the desired output format, I will be happy to generate the results for you.
Here is a possible interpretation of the query result.
Sure, here is a possible result.
Aleksandr Chumakov (ENTITY-is a player in the club (ENTITY-FC Torpedo Moscow (ENTITY-managed by Valery Petrakov (ENTITY-and chaired by Aleksandr Tukmanov (ENTITY-5). The club is part of the 2014-Russian Premier League (ENTITY-6).
Aleksandr Chumakov is a member of the club FC Torpedo Moscow. The chairman of the club is Aleksandr Tukmanov and the club is currently competing in the 2014-Russian Premier League.
Aleksandr Chumakov is a player in the club, FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov and chaired by Aleksandr Tukmanov. The club played in the 2014-Russian Premier League.
The output result for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
Abel Hernández is a youth club player for Peñarol, which plays in the Uruguayan Primera División. Abel Hernández plays for Hull City AFC where the manager is Steve Bruce.
The query you provided is formatted as a JSONL file, which contains a series of JSON objects, each associated with a sentence in the text. I understand the task is to generate a natural language sentence that describes the information provided in the JSONL input. I will do my best to interpret the information and generate a human-readable description. The JSONL input contains information about an object with the ID (192519VKThe object has an epoch date of 2006-12-3an orbital period of 8788850000.0 seconds, and a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 meters. Here is my attempt to generate a human-readable description based on the provided information: The (192519VKalso known as 1994-12-3has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 seconds and a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 meters.
The output is.
A possible solution: The query asks for a summary of the information provided about the object with the RO1 ID (6606in 199The output is formatted as follows.
The query you provided uses the following triples to generate the output.
The summary for the given query is.
The summary of the provided information is.
Here is a lexicalized output for the provided query.
The output result for the query is.
The summary for the given query is.
The output for the query is.
The output for the query is.
The output for the query is.
Walter Baade, the alma mater of the University of Göttingen, was born in the German Empire. He is the doctoral student of Allan Sandage and the discoverer of the 10Ganymed.
The output for this specific query is.
Walter Baade, born in Preußisch Oldendorf, is the discoverer of 10Ganymed. He has a doctoral student named Halton Arp and his alma mater is the University of Göttingen.
Walter Baade, who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf, was a doctoral student of Halton Arp. Baade is the discoverer of 10Ganymed.
Sure! Here's the response to the query.
Walter Baade, a doctoral student of Halton Arp, is the discoverer of 10Ganymed. He was born in Germany, but unfortunately, I do not have any information about his death.
The output is.
James Craig Watson, who graduated from the University of Michigan, is the discoverer of 1Hera. He passed away in Madison, Wisconsin due to peritonitis.
James Craig Watson, the discoverer of 1Hera, died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin. He had attended the University of Michigan.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, was born in Madison, Wisconsin and is the discoverer of 1Hera, which has the longest known apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
James Craig Watson ( Nationality: Canada ) discovered 1Hera and passed away in Madison, Wisconsin due to peritonitis.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, passed away in Madison, Wisconsin due to peritonitis. He was the discoverer of 1Hera.
N.R. Pogson, the discoverer of 1Camilla, was born in Nottingham and passed away in Chennai. 1Camilla has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometers.
While I cannot generate output comments, I can still provide a response to the query. Using the given triples, I can generate a summary that describes 1Camilla and its discoverer, N. R. Pogson. Here is a sample summary.
The output result for the query is.
The output for the query is.
A possible solution: json { 1Camilla: ENTITY- N R Pogson: ENTITY- Nottingham: ENTITY- Chennai: ENTITY- March 200ENTITY-}.
Here is a possible interpretation of the given information.
The output result for the query is.
The output based on the given query is.
Based on the provided examples and the format you have requested, here is a possible lexicalized output for the given query.
Here is a lexicalized summary of the information provided in the input query.
The summary of the given query is.
Here is a possible interpretation of the data.
The result of the query is.
Here is a summary of the information you provided in the query.
1Felicitas is an object with an escape velocity of 0.04kilometres per second, an epoch date of 2006-12-3an orbital period of 139705000.0 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
The results were.
1Felicitas is a space object with the following characteristics: it has the epoch date of December 31st, 200an escape velocity of 0.04kilometres per second, and an orbital period of 139705000.0.
The summary of the provided triples is as follows.
The information presented in a specific lexicalized format is.
The information provided in the query is about the minor planet, Hygiea. Here is a possible response.
The lexicalized output for the given query is.
The information can be lexicalised in several ways, depending on the desired style of the final output. Here are some examples.
The output is.
The output for the given query is.
Here is one possible interpretation of the query.
The query asks for a summary of the given information about the 11Clematis. Here is one possible lexicalized output.
The information is organized as follows.
The output for the given query is.
The output result based on the query is.
I'm sorry, but I'm not sure how to respond to your prompt. If you provide the lexicalized output you desire for the given triples, I can create a program to generate that format. If you provide the triples themselves, I can try to extract information from them. I am not able to infer a desired output format from the examples you provided.
The output for the query is.
19Dodge and DeSoto Custom are both related to the transportation of automobiles. The DeSoto Custom was manufactured by the DeSoto automobile company and was succeeded by the DeSoto Firedome.
AIDAstella is a cruise ship operated by AIDA Cruises, which is located in Rostock. AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere.
The ship AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises, was built by the Meyer Werft shipyard. AIDAstella is located in Rostock.
Costa Crociere is the owner of AIDAstella, which is operated by AIDA Cruises and built by Meyer Werft. AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
Costa_Crociere is the owner of the ship AIDAstella, which has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and was built by Meyer Werft.
The input query contains four triples with the following information.
Costa Crociere, the owner of the AIDAstella, has a ship that is 253260.0 millimetres long and is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The output for this query would be.
ALCO RS-3 is an American Locomotive Company product. It has a Vengine with a diesel-electric transmission. It was built between May 19and August 1956.
ALCO RS-3 is an American Locomotive Company product, built from May 19to August 195It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres and a Vengine.
The query is about a train model called ALCO RS-The ALCO RS-3 is a diesel-electric locomotive built by the American Locomotive Company from May 19to August 195It has a Vengine and its length is 17068.8 millimetres. The output could be something like: The ALCO RS-3 is an American train with a Vengine and a length of 17068.8 millimetres. It was produced from May 19to August 19by the American Locomotive Company.
ALCO RS-3 is an American Locomotive product, built between May 19and August 195It has a Vengine and its length is 17068.8 millimetres.
The output for the query is as follows.
ALCO RS-3 is an American-made locomotive built by the American Locomotive Company (ALCO), founded in Schenectady, New York, in the United States. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
The American Locomotive Company, founded in Schenectady, New York, is responsible for the construction of the ALCO RS-a locomotive with a length of 17068.8 millimeters.
The output for the query is.
ALCO RS-3 is a diesel-electric locomotive manufactured by Montreal Locomotive Works between May 19and August 195It has a Vengine and is powered by diesel-electric transmission.
The output is.
ALCO RS-3 is a 12-cylinder, four-stroke engine, built by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 19and August 1956.
The output for the query is.
AMC Matador is an automobile manufactured in Mexico City by American Motors. It is a station wagon with a V8 engine under its hood. It is known by the alternative name, American Motors Matador.
The Matador is a station wagon with an AMC V8 engine, manufactured in Mexico City and known as the American Motors Matador.
The lexicalized output for the input query is.
AMC Matador is a mid-size car, also known as VAM Classic, which is powered by the AMC straight-6 engine and is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
AMC Matador is a mid-size car, also known as VAM Classic, assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. It has an AMC straight-6 engine.
Acura a DT<Form=undefined> mid-sized car manufactured by Honda and assembled in Marysville , Ohio .
Acura, a mid-size car manufactured by Honda, has its assembly line in Marysville, Ohio, USA. The car comes with a Honda K engine and can be had with a choice between front-wheel drive and all-wheel drive.
Acura, a mid-size car manufactured in Marysville, Ohio, has a front-wheel or all-wheel drive layout and is powered by a Honda K engine.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle that is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant. It has a V6 engine.
Acura, a luxury vehicle, is manufactured at Marysville Auto Plant. It is powered by a V6 engine and is of the front-engine design.
The output for the query is.
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker. It is still in service and has a ship beam of 21.2 metres.
Sure! Here is a possible result based on the provided triples and the desired lexicalized format.
This is the interpretation I was able to generate for your query.
Finland's leader is named Juha Sipila, and one of the country's icebreakers is named Aleksey Chirikov.
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker, which is currently in service and has a beam of 21.2 meters.
The output for the query is.
Alfa Romeo 1is an Italian manufactured car that is related to the Saab 90and Lancia Thema. It has a straight-four engine.
Alfa Romeo 1is a mean of transportation manufactured in Italy. It has a straight-four engine and is related to the Saab 90and Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 1is manufactured in Italy and has a straight-four engine. It is related to the Saab 90and Lancia Thema in terms of transportation.
The Alfa Romeo 1is a vehicle that is assembled in Italy and is equipped with a V6 engine. The 1is related to the Saab 90and the Fiat Croma in terms of transportation.
Alfa Romeo 1is a product of Italian assembly, with a V6 engine and transported by Fiat Croma and Saab 9000.
Alfa Romeo 1has been assembled in Italy and has a V6 engine. It has been related to two means of transportation, the Saab 90and the Fiat Croma.
The Alhambra was launched on May 3185and has a ship beam of 8.3 meters. However, the ship is wrecked.
The output for the given query is.
The output for the query is.
Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry, England, is the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed model. The Alvis Speed is powered by a petrol engine. After the company's founding, it would later be succeeded by the Rover Company.
Alvis Speed is a car manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company. It runs on a petrol engine. The company was founded in Coventry and was later taken over by Rover Company.
Alvis Speed is a car manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company. The Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry and was succeeded by Rover Company. The car's engine is petrol.
Alvis Car and Engineering Company, based in Coventry, was the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed which had a straight-six engine. The Alvis Speed was succeeded by the Rover Company.
Alvis Speed is a car manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and later taken over by Rover Company. The car is equipped with a straight-six engine.
Chrysler took over American Motors, the manufacturer of AMC Matador. Chrysler is the fate of American Motors, and Eagle is the successor.
Chrysler is the successor of American Motors, which is now known as Eagle (automobile). Roy D. Chapman Jr. was one of the key persons at the American Motors which had manufactured AMC Matador.
Chrysler, an automobile manufacturer, was created as a successor to American Motors, which was previously led by Roy D. Chapin, Jr.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and launched on January 196It has a beam of 3.8 meters and a top speed of 8.334.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and launched on the 25th of January 196It has a top speed of 8.3and a ship beam of 3.8 meters.
The American submarine NR-1 is a product of General Dynamics Electric Boat, and it was launched on January 196It has a top speed of 8.3and a ship beam of 3.8 meters.
The output based on the given query and format is.
The output result for the query is.
The output result corresponding to the query is.
I am not sure what you want me to do here. You have provided a dataset and some examples of inputs and outputs, but I am not sure what you are asking me to do with this information.
The information presented in a summary format is as follows.
The information presented in the format you requested is as follows.
The information presented in the summary based on the input query is as follows.
The car Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom, the same country where London is the capital. Aston Martin V8 has a successor called Aston Martin Virage.
The Aston Martin Virage is manufactured by Aston Martin, and is the successor to the Aston Martin Vwhich is assembled in the United Kingdom, where London is the capital.
Aston Martin is a British manufactured brand that has produced many models. Aston Martin V8 is one of those models and was manufactured in the United Kingdom. This model has an engine displacement of 5.3 litres and shares a means of transportation with the Aston Martin DBS.
Aston Martin is a brand that has produced many vehicles, including the Aston Martin VThis particular model was assembled in the United Kingdom and is powered by a 5.3-litre engine. In terms of transportation, the Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM and the Aston Martin DBS.
Aston Martin Virage is manufactured by Aston Martin. Its successor is Aston Martin Virage, which has an engine displacement of 5.3 litres. The Aston Martin Virage is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
The Aston Martin Virage is a car manufactured by Aston Martin. It is related to Aston Martin V8 via the means of transportation. The Aston Martin V8 has an engine capacity of 5.3 litres and its successor is the Aston Martin Virage.
Aston Martin, the manufacturer of the Aston Martin Virage, has manufactured a line of vehicles, including the Aston Martin VThe Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3-litre engine and is a predecessor of the Aston Martin Virage.
Atlas II is a launch system that was manufactured by the United States. It had two launch sites including Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It had a diameter of 3.0and made its final flight on 2002-12-05.
The output for the query is.
The Audi A1 is a supermini automobile assembled by Audi Brussels. It has a front-engine front-wheel-drive layout and a 1.2-litre engine.
The summary for the given query is.
Audi is a class of supermini vehicles. The Audi A1 model is assembled in Audi Brussels and has a 1.2-litre engine and a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi, which was founded by August Horch, and is the manufacturer of the Audi A1.
Audi is a manufacturer that was founded by August Horch and is currently led by a subsidiary named Audi e-tron. The Audi e-tron is also known for manufacturing Ducati.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 and the parent company of Ducati. Within its divisions, Audi has Audi e-tron.
As per the instructions, here is the output for the given query.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa, Italy, and is the owner of the AIDAstella cruise ship. Costa Crociere is a cruise line operator, and the AIDAstella ship was built by the Meyer Werft shipyard.
Costa Crociere, an owner of the AIDAstella cruise ship, is located in Genoa, Italy. The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and was built by the Meyer Werft shipyard, which is located in Germany.
AIDAstella is a Costa_Crociere-owned ship, built by Meyer_Werft and operated by AIDA_Cruises. Costa_Crociere is based in Genoa.
I'm sorry, I'm not sure I understand the task you have described.
The summary of the input query is.
The information presented in the desired lexicalized format is as follows.
The lexicalized output for the given query is.
The United States is the country of origin for the Delta II rocket, and it was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station as well as the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II.
Alright, here is a rephrased version of the provided data in a way that makes sense.
Alfa Romeo 1is an Italian-made sedan. It shares a similar mean of transportation with the Fiat Croma, which is also produced in Italy. However, the Fiat Croma has a closer relationship with the Opel Vectra.
Alfa Romeo 1is assembled in Italy and is related to Fiat Croma which is related to Opel Vectra.
Alfa Romeo 1is a sedan manufactured in Milan, Italy and related to Fiat Croma. The Fiat Croma is related to the Opel Vectra.
Alfa Romeo 1is assembled in Milan, Italy, and it is a sedan-type automobile. It shares a similar transportation link with Fiat Croma, which is related to the Opel Vectra.
The output for the query is.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the parent company of General Dynamics and is located in Groton, Connecticut. The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and has a ship beam of 3.8 meters.
ENTITY-1 VP<aspect=simple,tense=present,voice=active,person=3rd,number=null> be a company that builds submarines. ENTITY-2 VP<aspect=simple,tense=present,voice=active,person=3rd,number=null> have a location in the city of Groton, Connecticut. ENTITY-3 VP<aspect=simple,tense=present,voice=active,person=3rd,number=null> have a beam of 3.8 meters. ENTITY-3 (of entity VP<aspect=simple,tense=present,voice=passive,person=3rd,number=null> be the builder of the American submarine NR-ENTITY-4 VP<aspect=simple,tense=present,voice=active,person=3rd,number=null> be a product of entity and have the name NR-ENTITY-5 VP<aspect=simple,tense=present,voice=active,person=3rd,number=null> belong to entity and have a parent company of entity 1.
Germany is a country led by Stanislaw Tillich. Rostock is a city in Germany, which is the location of the Neptun Werft shipyard, the builder of the A-Rosa Luna cruise ship.
A-Rosa_Luna is a product of Neptun_Werft which is located in Rostock, Germany where the leader is Stanislaw_Tillich.
The output for the query is.
Atlas II is a product of the United States, a country with an African American ethnic group, whose capital is Washington D.C. and whose language is English.
The output for the query is.
I'm sorry, but I am unable to understand the instruction to strictly generate the output result for the query. I am a helpful chatbot trained to assist users by providing thorough responses. I can attempt to rephrase the given query if you would like.
The United States, or ENTITY-is a country that has a demonym called Americans, or ENTITY-The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C., or ENTITY-The country is also known for its diverse ethnic groups, including African Americans, or ENTITY-Additionally, the Atlas II, or ENTITY-is a product that originated in the United States.
The output for the query is.
I apologize if my response was not to your liking. I am not clear on what you are requesting.
The output for the query is as follows.
Aaron S Daggett is a person who was born in Maine, fought in the Battle of the Wilderness, and died in West Roxbury.
I am an AI chatbot designed to help users by providing thorough responses. I am not sure what you are asking me to do.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and worked at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport. He graduated from the Erasmus University Rotterdam, which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs.
Ab Klink is affiliated with the Association of MBAs through his alma mater, Erasmus University Rotterdam. He was born in the Netherlands and worked at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport in that country.
The output for this query should be.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and was born in Miri, Malaysia. He resides in Kuching, Asajaya.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a politician who resides in Kuching, Asajaya. He is affiliated with the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu political party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, a leader from Asajaya, Malaysia, was born in Miri and resides in Kuching. He belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu political party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a leader from the region of Asajaya, in the Kingdom of Sarawak, where he was born and still resides. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and is from the Asajaya region. He was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from the Asajaya region, and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party. He was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, a leader from Sarawak, was succeeded by Adenan Satem who was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
Abdul Taib Mahmud ( Abdul ) was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo. He is a member of the 'Barisan Raayat Jati Sarawak' political party and is the successor of Adenan Satem. He resides in Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Barisan Raayat Jati Sarawak party and he resides in Sarawak. His successor is Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
I apologize, but I am unclear on what you would like me to do. I am unable to output text as requested. If you provide a specific prompt or question, I can try to help you extract information from the provided text.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and he resides in Sarawak. His successor is Adenan Satem, who was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
The Nigerian Army, led by Abdusalami Abubakar, was once led by Oladipo Diya, who was preceded by Mike Akhigbe, who was succeeded by Atiku Abubakar.
Mike Akhigbe was preceded by Oladipo Diya, who served as vice president when he was in office. At the same time, Mike Akhigbe served in the Nigerian Air Force under the command of Abdusalami Abubakar, who passed the torch to Al-Amin Daggash.
This is an interesting query about the leader Abdulsalami Abubakar and his successor. I can provide a summary of the information you provided. Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force and held office as Vice President during the time of Mike Akhigbe. He was preceded by Oladipo Diya and succeeded by Al-Amin Daggash.
The Nigerian military is a complex institution with many leaders and a rich history. Here is a summary of the information you provided about Abdulsalami Abubakar.
Abel Caballero, who was born in Galicia, Spain, served as a minister under the reign of King Juan Carlos I of Spain. His predecessor as the head of state was Francisco Franco, and he served at the same time as the Prime Minister, Felipe González.
Abel Caballero, a Spanish politician, was born in Galicia, Spain. He served as Prime Minister during the reign of King Juan Carlos I of Spain, who had succeeded Francisco Franco.
Abel Caballero, who was born in Galicia, Spain, worked as the Minister of Transport and was affiliated with the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as a Minister of Transport.
Abel Caballero, a Spanish politician, was born in Galicia, Spain. He worked as the Minister of Transport. His party was the Spanish Socialist Workers Party.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, whose nationality is American and whose birth place is New Britain, Connecticut, is a member of the ethnic group Native Americans in the United States. He is married to Casey Ribicoff.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in New Britain, Connecticut, is an American national. One of the ethnic groups in the United States is Native Americans. Casey Ribicoff is Abraham's spouse.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut, and his spouse is Casey Ribicoff. The United States is home to many ethnic groups, including Native Americans.
Adam Holloway, born in Kent, started his career in 20and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge. He fought in the Gulf War.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, attended Magdalene College, Cambridge. He started his career in 20and fought in the Gulf War.
Adam Koc is a Polish national, who fought in the Polish-Soviet War under the command of Joseph Stalin.
Adam Koc is a national of Poland, and fought in the Polish-Soviet War. The leader of Poland is not known, but the language spoken is Polish.
Adam Koc, who is a key figure in the Polish-Soviet War, fought under the command of Joseph Stalin. The Polish-Soviet war was a conflict that was part of a larger Russian Civil War.
Makis Voridis is the successor of Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece and worked as the Vice-President of New Democracy.
Makis Voridis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as a Vice-President of New Democracy.
Makis Voridis is a Greek politician who worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism, and is the successor to Adonis Georgiadis.
Makis Voridis was born in Athens, Greece and worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism in Greece. He was succeeded by Adonis Georgiadis.
Makis Voridis is a successor to Adonis Georgiadis. Adonis Georgiadis worked as a Member of the Hellenic Parliament, and was born in Athens, Greece.
Makis Voridis is a Greek politician and member of the Hellenic Parliament. He is the successor of Adonis Georgiadis.
Makis Voridis is a member of the Hellenic Parliament who was born in Greece and worked with Adonis Georgiadis.
A possible response could be.
The output for this query is as follows.
The output result for this query is.
I'm sorry, I am unclear on the expected output format and how to structure the response.
I'm sorry, I'm not sure I understand the request.
The output for the given query is.
Sure! Here's the output summary for the given query.
The output result for the query is.
A possible response could be.
Sure! Here is a generated response based on the given query.
The output result for the query is.
Sure! Here is a summary of the information you provided.
The output for the query is.
The output for the query is.
Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, was active between March 4th, 19and March 30th, 197During this period, he fought in the Battle of France.
The output for this query is.
I'm sorry, I am unable to understand the task you are asking me to complete.
The output result for the query is.
The output result based on the query provided is.
The output for the query is.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, and passed away in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson, who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, and passed away in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His successor was William M. O. Dawson, who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and passed away in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His successor was William M. O. Dawson, who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B White was born in Cleveland, USA on March 4th, 19and had a career that spanned until March 4th, 1905.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and served as a successor to William M. O. Dawson. His term ran from 1901-03-to 1905-03-04.
Albert B White was born in Cleveland, and had a career that spanned from 1901-03-to 1905-03-0His successor was William M O Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, which has French as one of its languages, and he fought in the American Civil War under the command of Abraham Lincoln.
The output for the query is.
This is an output example for the given query.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. He fought in the American Civil War, under the command of Jefferson Davis.
The output for this query is.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in New York and Staten Island, died in New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York, United States, and passed away in New Mexico Territory.
Alberto Teisaire, a member of the Justicialist Party, was in office while Juan Peron was president. He eventually passed away in Buenos Aires, where Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is a leader.
Isaac Rojas was the successor of Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza, Argentina and worked as a Rear Admiral and the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and worked as a Rear Admiral. He also served as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and his successor was Isaac Rojas.
Alberto Teisaire, a rear admiral from Mendoza, Argentina, worked as the provisional president of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
The output is as follows.
The output for the provided query is.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served in the United States Army. He fought in the Whiskey Rebellion and later worked as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
The output result for the query is.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Connecticut and served in the U.S. Army, fought in the Whiskey Rebellion as a representative from Connecticut's 4th District.
Alfred N. Phillips is a member of the Democratic Party who worked in the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th District. He was born in Connecticut and succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
The output for the given query is.
Alfred Phillips, born in Darien, Connecticut, worked as a mayor in his place of birth, Stamford, Connecticut. He was affiliated with the Democratic Party in the United States.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut, and worked as Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut, and worked as the mayor of Stamford, Connecticut, which is part of the United States. His political party is the Democratic Party in the U.S. and was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
The output for the query is.
The output for the query is.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and worked as a Governor of Texas. His party was the United States Democratic Party and his successor was Price Daniel.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and worked as Governor of Texas. His political party was the Democratic Party of the United States and his successor was Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
The output result for the query is.
I apologize for the confusion. Let me clarify the output format based on the given examples. Based on the provided information, here's how I understand the desired output format.
The output for this query is as follows.
I'm sorry, I am unclear on the output you expect me to generate. I can certainly help with information retrieval, but I'm not sure what you are asking for with this prompt. Can you clarify? If you would like, I can create a summary for you based on the information you have provided. Would that be helpful? If so, please clarify what you would like the summary to focus on. For example, I could write a summary about Alvah Sabin and his relationship to Vermont. Or I could write about Vermont itself.
Daniel Webster is a leader in the United States, where the largest city in Vermont is Burlington.
The output for the query is.
Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party in the U.S. and a politician from Vermont. The Whig Party was established in the 183and was one of the major political parties in the United States. The party was strongest in the Northeast, especially in the state of Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. Alvah Sabin was also a politician from Vermont who was affiliated with the Whig Party.
The output is.
The output result for the query is.
The output for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, where the Spanish language is spoken. He was in office while Juan Peron was leader, who was a member of the Labour Party.
Juan Peron's party is Labour Party (Argentina). Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and was in office while Juan Peron was president. Isaac Rojas was a successor to Alberto Teisaire.
The output result for the query is.
Aaron Bertram is a musician who plays the genre of ska punk, which originates from punk rock. He is part of the band, Kids Imagine Nation, and has also worked with the band Suburban Legends. One of the members of the Suburban Legends is trombonist Brian Robertson.
Aaron Bertram, a ska punk musician, is associated with the Suburban Legends band, which originated from punk rock. Aaron is also a member of the Kids Imagine Nation musical group.
Aaron Bertram, who comes from the United States, is a ska punk musician who performs with the Suburban Legends band. Aaron's band has a trombonist called Brian Robertson. Punk rock is the origin of the Aaron's musical style.
I'm sorry, I'm not sure how to respond to this prompt.
Aaron Deer, an Indie rock artist from the United States, is a solo singer and has associations with the musical artist Wee Giant.
Aaron Deer, an American solo singer, is a part of the Indie rock genre. He is from the United States, specifically Indiana.
Aaron Turner, an American musician, has been active since 199He is known for his work in the black metal genre and has collaborated with Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eaters.
The output result for the query is.
Aaron Turner is an American musician who has been active since 19and has played with bands such as Old Man Gloom and Lotus Eaters.
Aaron Turner is a sludge metal musician who was born in Massachusetts. He started his music career in 19and has been associated with the bands Twilight and Lotus Eaters.
The output for this query is as follows.
Aaron Turner, who was born in Massachusetts, is a sludge metal musician who had his first performance in 199He has been associated with the bands Twilight and Lotus Eaters.
Abradab, born in Katowice, Poland, on November 1197is associated with the musical artists Kaliber and Magik.
Abradab, born in Katowice, Poland in 197was associated with the musical artists Magik and Kaliber 44.
Abradab is a name used by a rap artist and was born in Katowice, Poland on November 1197He has been associated with the musical artist Kaliber and the rapper Magik.
Ace Wilder, a 1982-born singer from Sweden, started their solo career.
Ace Wilder, a 1982-born singer from Sweden, started their solo career.
Ace Wilder, whose birth name is Petter Alexander Wilder, is a solo singer and songwriter from Sweden. He was born on 23rd July 19in Stockholm, Sweden.
Ace Wilder, a songwriter and solo singer from Stockholm, Sweden, was born on July 21982.
Ace Wilder, a songwriter and solo singer, was born in Stockholm on July 21982.
Ace Wilder is a Hip-hop musician, that originates from Funk and Disco music styles. Hip-hop has a derivative called Drum and bass, and a sub-genre called Gangsta rap.
Ace Wilder is a Hip-hop musician, which originates from Funk and Disco music and has a derivative known as Drum and Bass.
Hip-hop music, a musical genre, originated from the stylistic influences of disco and funk. It has since evolved to include subgenres such as gangsta rap and drum and bass. One artist who has helped shape this genre is Ace Wilder.
The summary for the given query is.
Ace Wilder, who was born in Sweden, is a Hip Hop musician who has two stylistic origins, Funk and Disco, and whose music has given birth to Drum and Bass.
Ace Wilder is a Swedish hip-hop musician who was born in Sweden and is known for his hip-hop music. Hip-hop music originated from funk and disco and is closely related to drum and bass music.
Al Anderson, the lead singer of the band NRBQ, is a rock musician who was born in Windsor, Connecticut, in 196He was also a member of the band The Wildweeds.
Al Anderson, the associated musical artist of NRBQ and The Wildweeds, was born in Windsor, Connecticut in 196He is known for his contributions to the genre of rock music.
Al Anderson, an artist associated with the band NRBQ, plays the guitar and performs rock music, a genre that has country music as one of its stylistic origins and that fuses with bhangra music.
Alan Frew is a solo singer who was born in Coatbridge, Canada and grew up in Newmarket, Ontario.
Alan Frew is a solo singer who was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket and Canada. He is a musician by occupation.
Alan Frew, a solo singer, was born in Coatbridge, a city in Scotland, and has Canadian roots.
Aleksandra Kovač, a pop singer from Serbia, was born in 19in the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in 19in the Socialist Republic of Serbia, is a solo singer with a genre of pop music. Pop music has a music fusion genre of disco.
Aleksandra Kovač, a solo singer from the United States, has a background in rhythm and blues music. She started her career in 19and has been associated with the musical artist Kornelije Kovač and the band Kwhich is comprised of her sisters.
Aleksandra Kovač, a solo singer with a background in rhythm and blues, was active from 19and was associated with the K2 sisters duo and Kornelije Kovač.
Alfred Garth Jones (187) was born in Manchester, England and held UK citizenship. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones (18- ??) was born in Manchester, England and held UK nationality. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones (18- ?) was born in Manchester, England and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and passed away in the London area, specifically in Sidcup. The leader of London was and is Boris Johnson, who also has the leader title of the European Parliament.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, and passed away in Sidcup, London. The current leader of London is Boris Johnson, who has the title of the European Parliament.
The information presented in the requested format is as follows.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, a city led by the Labour Party (UK). He passed away in Sidcup, a town that is a part of London. The leadership of London changed several times over the years. In recent times, the city is led by an individual with the title of the European Parliament.
The output is as follows.
Alison O'Donnell, a folk musician from Ireland who started her career in 196has worked with Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle.
As requested, here is the output for the given query.
Alison O'Donnell, a folk musician from Ireland who started her career in 196is associated with the record label Floating World Records and the bands Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician from London. She is signed to Stanyan Records and Deram Records, and her music is a derivative of funk music.
Alison O'Donnell (ENTITY-1), a jazz musician, is associated with the record labels Stanyan Records (ENTITY-and Deram Records (ENTITY-3). Deram Records is located in London (ENTITY-4), and jazz is a derivative of funk music.
The summary of the provided triples is: Alison O'Donnell is an artist who releases music under the record labels Deram Records and Stanyan Records. She performs jazz music, a genre that has funk as a derivative. Both of these record labels are based in London.
There are many ways to combine and paraphrase the provided triples to create a summary of the information. Here is one possible result.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who plays the autoharp. Jazz has its stylistic origins in folk music and has funk and afrobeat as musical fusion genres.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who performs with the voice, bodhran, percussion, and autoharp. Jazz is a derivative of funk, which has a music fusion genre known as Afrobeat. It has its stylistic origins in blues.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who plays the autoharp, bodhran, percussion, and uses her voice. Jazz has its roots in blues and has funk and afrobeat as derivatives and sister genres.
Alison O'Donnell is an artist who performs jazz music, which originated from blues and has funk and afrobeat as its derivative and fusion genres. She plays a diverse set of instruments, including the voice, bodhran, percussion, and autoharp.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer who was born in Fort Campbell in 19and raised in Dothan, Alabama.
<ENTITY-<TENSE=PAST, ASPECT=SIMPLE, NUMBER=SINGULAR, PERSON=3RD, VOICE=PASSIVE> was born in <ENTITY-Fort Campbell <ENTITY-and <ENTITY-<TENSE=PRESENT, ASPECT=SIMPLE, NUMBER=SINGULAR, PERSON=3RD, VOICE=PASSIVE> has the <ENTITY-genre <ENTITY-of acoustic music. <ENTITY-<TENSE=PRESENT, ASPECT=SIMPLE, NUMBER=SINGULAR, PERSON=3RD, VOICE=PASSIVE> is a solo singer <ENTITY-and <ENTITY-<TENSE=PAST, ASPECT=SIMPLE, NUMBER=SINGULAR, PERSON=3RD, VOICE=PASSIVE> was born in <ENTITY-Dothan, Alabama <ENTITY-in 1981.
The output is as follows.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, started performing in 198He was a member of the bands Galactic and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars, and associated with Billy Iuso.
Anders Osborne is a musician who has been active since 198His genres are rock music and he has worked with artists such as Galactic, Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars, and Billy Iuso.
Anders Osborne, an influential figure in the music industry, was a part of the bands Galactic, Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and was associated with Billy Iuso. He started his career in 19and his genre of music is Rock.
Anders Osborne, a blues musician who started in 198has collaborated with Galactic, Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso.
Anders Osborne, a blues artist, started his career in 19and was associated with Galactic, Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso.
Anders Osborne is a blues artist that started performing in 198He has been affiliated with Tab Benoit, Galactic and Billy Iuso.
Andra, a singer and reality television judge was born in Câmpia Turzii in 198She is a solo singer who performs dance pop music.
Andra, a singer and reality TV judge, was born in the town of Câmpia Turzii, in the year 198Her genre of music is dance-pop.
The output for the query is.
Andra, a 1986-born Romanian solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music, was born in Romania.
Andra, a 1986-born Romanian solo singer, performs rhythm and blues music.
Andrew Rayel is a musician who performs trance music, a genre that originates from pop music. His associated musical artists/bands include Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi.
Andrew Rayel is a trance musician. Associated with Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi, Rayel's music originates in pop music.
The output result for the given query is.
Andrew Rayel is a name of a person. He was born in Chișinău, Moldova and has worked with musical artists like Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns. His music genre is trance and he has been active since 2009.
The output is as follows.
In the field of music, Andrew Rayel is an artist from Moldova who has been active since 200He is associated with two musical artists, Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
The output result for the query is.
The summary for the given query is.
Andrew Rayel is a trance musician who plays the string instrument. He is associated with Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine, who is also associated with John Digweed.
Andrew Rayel is a musician who plays the string instrument and is associated with the musical artists Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine. Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine are also associated with John Digweed.
As per the instructions, here is the summary of the provided information in a specific lexicalized format.
The output for this query is.
I'm sorry, but I'm unable to understand your request. You have provided a dataset of examples, but they are not in a machine-readable format, and I am unable to process them. If you provide your data in a structured format such as JSON, I will be able to process it and generate a response. Please let me know if you need assistance with this. I can also provide some suggestions for how to structure your data.
The summary of the query is as follows.
Allen Forrest, who was born in Fort Campbell, is known for his hip-hop music. Hip-hop music has its stylistic origins in funk and disco music, which has led to the derivative of drum and bass.
Allen Forrest, an artist from Fort Campbell, has made a name for himself in the hip-hop genre. Hip-hop's origins can be traced to funk and disco, and it has since evolved to give rise to drum and bass.
Allen Forrest, who was born in 198has made a name for himself in the hip-hop music industry. Hip-hop, a genre that originated from funk and disco, has significantly impacted the music industry. It has given rise to many derivatives, such as drum and bass.
Allen Forrest is a hip-hop musician who was born in 198The genre of hip-hop originated from disco and funk music, and it has a derivative known as drum and bass.
Allen Forrest is a hip-hop musician, who was born in 198Originating from the styles of disco and funk, hip-hop music has a derivative called drum and bass.
The output is.
Alfred Garth Jones ( b. Manchester - d. Sidcup, London ) was a British author and scriptwriter. Jones was born in Manchester, a city led by the UK's Labour Party. The capital, London, is home to the Parliament of the United Kingdom. In his lifetime, Jones wrote several books and created scripts for TV shows.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, a city led by the Labour Party (UK), and died in London, a place known for having the Parliament of the United Kingdom as its leader.
The Spanish-speaking country of Paraguay, where Agustín Barboza was born and died, is led by Juan Afara. Agustín was of mestizo descent.
I'm sorry, but I'm not sure I understand your prompt. You seem to be asking me to create a summary based on a specific format, but I'm unable to identify the desired format. I'm able to provide summarization based on a model trained to extract key information from a given text, which I can do here. However, I need to clarify some details before I can provide a response that matches your desired output format.
The Spanish-speaking country of Paraguay, where Agustín Barboza was born and died, is led by Juan Afara. Agustín Barboza was from an ethnically diverse group.
I'm sorry, I do not understand what you are asking for.
Andrew White, an alternative rock musician, has recorded music under the labels of B-Unique Records and Polydor Records, which is located in London. Andrew's music is a fusion of alternative rock and nu-metal genres.
The output for the query is.
The output is as follows.
Andrew White is a musician who was signed to Universal Records and Polydor Records. He is classified as an alternative rock musician, which is a subgenre of rock music and is known to have fused with other genres such as nu-metal. His record labels are based in London.
Al Anderson, an instrumentalist for the NRBQ band, performs rock music. Rock music is a genre originating from country music, which has roots in blues music. Al's band, NRBQ, has fused rock with bhangra music.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a rock musician who plays the guitar. Rock music has its stylistic origins in country music, which has its roots in blues music. Country music has also fused with other genres, such as bhangra music, to create new musical styles.
Al Anderson, who is part of the NRBQ band, performs music that is a sub-genre of rock music and is often associated with country music. The stylistic origin of country music is blues and it has also been fused with other musical genres like bhangra.
Al Anderson, a member of the NRBQ band, performs music that is classified as rock. Rock music has its stylistic origins in blues and country music. Country music is characterized by the inclusion of banjos in its instrumental composition. Additionally, rock music has a music fusion genre, known as bhangra music.
The output result based on the given query and the required lexicalized format is.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is associated with the bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom. Twilight plays black metal, a subgenre of death metal music.
The output for this query is.
I'm sorry, but the input you provided is unclear.
Here is a possible output based on the given triples.
Abel Hernández is a player who has played for multiple clubs. Abel played for the Uruguayan club Peñarol under the manager Jorge Orosman da Silva. He also played for Central Español in the Uruguayan Segunda División league. He also played for the Italian club U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández is a player that is youthcored by Peñarol, and he has played for two clubs: U.S. Città di Palermo and Central Español. Central Español is part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league, which is led by Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Abel Hernández, a player who's youth club was Peñarol, and who played for the club U.S. Città di Palermo and Central Español, a club that is in the Uruguayan Segunda División, can be referred to as a player who has experience playing in different leagues.
Aleksandr Chumakov (ENTITY-was a member of the FC Torpedo Moscow (ENTITY-and the Soviet Union national football team (ENTITY-3), and he passed away in Russia (ENTITY-4). Valery Petrakov (ENTITY-used to be the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
The result of the query is as follows.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who was a member of the Soviet Union's national football team and also played for FC Torpedo Moscow, passed away in Russia. The leader of Russia, Valentina Matviyenko, is in charge of the country.
Aleksandre Guruli is a member of two clubs, one is Olympique Lyonnais and the other is FC Karpaty Lviv. Jean-Michel Aulas is the chairman of Olympique Lyonnais whose ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Meanwhile, FC Karpaty Lviv is managed by Oleh Luzhny.
Aleksandre Guruli is a member of two different football clubs. Aleksandre is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais club and the club's chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas. The Olympique Lyonnais club's ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. In another club, Aleksandre is also a member of FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzny.
Aleksandre Guruli is a member of FC Karpaty Lviv, managed by Oleh Luzhny. He has also played for Olympique Lyonnais, whose chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas and whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
The output for this query is.
The output result for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
A possible response could be.
The result of the query is as follows.
Abel Hernández (ENTITY-played for the U.S. Città di Palermo (ENTITY-in the Uruguayan Segunda División (ENTITY-and for the Central Español (ENTITY-in his youth. Abel Hernández is also a player for the Uruguay national football team (ENTITY-5). The manager of the U.S. Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini (ENTITY-6).
Abel Hernández is a player of the U.S. Città di Palermo, managed by Giuseppe Iachini. He also plays for the Uruguay national football team and the Central Español, which is in the Uruguayan Segunda División league.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguayan club Central Español which is a part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league. He has also played for the U.S. Città di Palermo, a club managed by Giuseppe Iachini. He also represents the Uruguay national football team.
Sure, here is the summary of the query.
Here is a summary of the information you provided.
The output for the query is as follows.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the club FC Terek Grozny, where Rashid Rakhimov is a manager and the ground is in Grozny. He is also a member of the FC Spartak Moscow club, which is chaired by Sergey Rodionov.
Sure! Here is a summary of the information you provided.
The summary of the query is as follows.
The result of the query is the following.
A possible response could be.
Aleksandr Chumakov, born in the Soviet Union, has played for both the Soviet Union national football team and FC Torpedo Moscow. In the 2014-20season, when Valery Petrakov was the manager, the club participated in the Russian Premier League.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who was born in the Soviet Union, is a player for the FC Torpedo Moscow football club. The club is managed by Valery Petrakov and played in the 2014-Russian Premier League.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who was born in the Soviet Union, is a player for FC Torpedo Moscow. This club participated in the 2014-Russian Premier League under the management of Valery Petrakov.
The output result for the query is.
I'm sorry, but I am unable to understand the task you have described. I am unable to process the request to generate output results based on a specific lexicalized format and control the way information is expressed. I am a language model that provides information and completes tasks to the best of my knowledge and abilities, and I do not have access to external information or specific formatting instructions. If you provide me with a specific question or information and ask me to provide a detailed summary based on the information provided, I will do my best to assist you.
The result of the query is as follows.
Akeem Adams is a player of Ferencvarosi TC, where the manager is Thomas Doll and the chairman is Gabor Kubatov. Ferencvarosi TC is Akeem Adams' first club, and he later played for United Petrotrin F.C. at Palo Seco Velodrome.
The output is.
The model's response to the query is.
The output for this query is.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, is the discoverer of 1Helena. 1Helena was discovered on August 186James Craig Watson's alma mater was the University of Michigan. He later died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, discovered the 1Helena meteorite on August 186He passed away in Madison, Wisconsin, and was affiliated with the University of Michigan.
James Craig Watson (b. 1951), a Canadian, graduated from the University of Michigan and later became a discoverer. He found 1Helena and later died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and studied at the University of Michigan, passed away in Madison, Wisconsin due to peritonitis.
James Craig Watson was born in Canada, and he passed away in Madison, Wisconsin due to peritonitis. He went to the University of Michigan and was the discoverer of 1Helena.
Sure! Here's the output for the query.
Sure, here is a possible result for the query provided.
Sure! Here is a summary of the information you provided.
Walter Baade, a doctoral student of both Halton Arp and Allan Sandage, was born in the German Empire. He later attended the University of Göttingen and became a renowned astronomer. He discovered 10Ganymed and has made several other discoveries.
I'm sorry, but I am unable to understand the instruction to strictly generate all the output results for the given query. The input text includes a number of examples with specific instructions for generating output summaries, but it does not appear to include any actual query or further instructions on how to generate a summary for the given text. If you provide me with a specific query or instruction, I will be happy to assist you in generating a response.
I am unable to understand your request. If you provide me with a sample output, I will try to create a response that matches it.
I'm sorry, I do not understand the instruction. If you provide me with some guidance, I will be happy to help you.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, discovered 1Hera on September 7th, 186He was a student at the University of Michigan, and later passed away in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, graduated from the University of Michigan and was the discoverer of 1Hera which was discovered on September 7th, 186He later died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, graduated from the University of Michigan. He discovered 1Hera, which has a periapsis of 3712.4 kilometres. He passed away in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian who attended the University of Michigan, is the discoverer of 1Hera. 1Hera has a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, discovered 1Hera with a periapsis of 3712.4 km. He attended the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Here is the output result based on the query and the required lexicalized format.
The lexicalized output for the given query is.
The lexicalization dataset contains information about 1Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 3200It was discovered by B. Zellner, and its orbital period is 2368.days. Its apoapsis and periapsis are 560937000.0 and 479343000.0 kilometers respectively. I'm not sure what the desired output format is, but here is a possible result.
The summary for the input query is.
The lexicalised output for the given query is.
Here is the output result based on the query.
The output result for the query is.
A possible solution: Output: F. Vilas was the discoverer of 1Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 3200and an orbital period of 2368.days. 1Camilla has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometers and a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometers.
N. R. Pogson (born in Nottingham, England and passed away in Chennai) was the discoverer of 1Camilla, which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
N. R. Pogson ( Nationality: England ) was born in Nottingham and passed away in Chennai. He was the discoverer of 1Camilla, which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
The input is an example of a query that uses triples to describe a celestial object, in this case a comet named 10Tama. The query contains information about the comet's former name, epoch, escape velocity, orbital period, and apoapsis. Here is a possible output for this query: 10Tama, a comet that has an epoch date of November 26th, 200was formally referred to as 'A9HA; 19WB.' It has an escape velocity of 0.00kilometres per second and a rather long orbital period of 1202.8days. Additionally, its apoapsis, which is the farthest point from the object's orbit, is an astonishing 373513000.0 kilometres away.
The output for the query is as follows.
Here is the output that strictly follows the format of the examples provided.
The information is organized as follows.
The output for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
The summary of the provided lexicalization dataset will be.
The provided triples contain information about an object named 112Claudiomaccone. Here is a single output result generated based on the query.
The query asks to provide a summary for the given set of triples. Here is a possible result.
AIDAstella is a cruise ship built by Meyer Werft, owned by Costa Crociere, a company that is a subsidiary of Carnival Corporation & plc, and operated by AIDA Cruises, which is located in Germany.
Costa Crociere is a subsidiary of Carnival Corporation & plc, which is a parent company of the cruise line AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella is a vessel owned by Costa Crociere and built by Meyer Werft. AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and is located in Germany.
Costa Crociere, a subsidiary of Carnival Corporation & plc, is the owner of the AIDAstella cruise ship, which was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises. Costa Crociere is a cruise line based in Genoa, Italy. AIDA Cruises is headquartered in Rostock, Germany.
The ship AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and it has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and a ship beam of 32.2.
The AIDAstella is a ship built by Meyer Werft. It is 253260.0 millimetres in length, 32.2 in breadth and has a top speed of 38.892.
The AIDAstella is a cruise ship operated by AIDA Cruises, built by the Meyer Werft shipyard, and launched in 201It has a length of 252,0millimeters (8 ft 3 in), a maximum beam of 32.2 meters (1ft), and a top speed of 38.knots (71.1 km/h; 40.7 mph). The ship can accommodate up to 25passengers and has a crew of 600.
ALCO RS-3 is a type of American Locomotive Company manufactured between May 19and August 195It has a four-stroke engine and cylinders with a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
ALCO RS-3 is a type of American Locomotive Company built between May 19and August 195It is 17068.8 millimetres in length, cylinders and has a four-stroke engine.
The output result for the query is.
The output for the query is as follows.
The output result for the query is.
ALCO RS-3 is a type of American Locomotive Company manufactured between May 19and August 195It has a Vengine with cylinders and a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
The United States is the country of origin for ALV-X-The United States is home to a diverse population, including Native Americans, and is led by a president. The national anthem is The Star-Spangled Banner, and the capital city is Washington, D.C.
The United States is the country of origin for ALV-X-Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States, where the leader is a president. The anthem of the U.S. is The Star-Spangled Banner, and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans who live there.
The United States is led by a president, who is a leader. It is the country of origin for ALV-X-and it is also the capital of Washington, D.C. The country's national anthem is The Star-Spangled Banner, while Americans are the demonym and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The Matador is a mid-size station wagon manufactured by American Motors and assembled in New Zealand. It has an AMC V8 engine and goes by the alternative name American Motors Matador.
AMC Matador is an alternative name for American Motors Matador. It is assembled in Thames, New Zealand, and is a mid-size car that uses the AMC V8 engine.
The answer is not specified.
P&O is a company based in London, England. The Alhambra, a vessel built by Samuda Brothers, is powered by a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine and has a ship beam of 8.3 meters.
Alhambra is a ship with a beam of 8.powered by Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes and built by Samuda Brothers. It is owned by the P&O company which is located in London.
AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which was led by Roy D Chapin Jr and had the Wheel Horse as a subsidiary. The fate of American Motors was Chrysler.
Chrysler Corporation, previously known as American Motors, is a company that was founded by Roy D. Chapin Jr. and is the parent company of Wheel Horse. Eagle is an automobile that is a subsidiary of American Motors.
Here is the output result for the query, formatted as a single sentence.
The American submarine NR-1 has a length of 450millimetres, a top speed of 8.33a launch date of January 2196a beam of 3.8 meters and a draft of 4.6 meters.
The output for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
OVERALL: The Minotaur IV rocket is launched from the United States' Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad which was originally built to accommodate the Antares rocket. The Antares is comparable to the Delta II rocket, also from the United States.
The following is a lexicalized summary of the input query.
The information presented in the desired lexicalized format is as follows.
The input data is a set of triples containing information about the Antares rocket. The query is formatted as a set of instructions that I interpret as a request to construct a summary of the provided information in a specific lexicalized format. Here is a potential output for the query.
The information presented in the desired lexicalized format is as follows.
The output result for the query is.
The summary for the given query is.
The information presented in the desired lexicalized format is as follows.
Airbus, the manufacturer of Ariane is a French multinational company that launched its maiden flight on August 1200and made its final flight on December 1200Ariane 5 was launched from the Guiana Space Centre, and it has a diameter of 5.4 meters.
Airbus, a French multinational company, is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 rocket. The rocket has a diameter of 5.4 meters and was launched for the first time on August 1200from the Guiana Space Centre. Its last flight was on December 12009.
The Ariane 5 is a launch vehicle with a launch site at ELA-which is located at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana. The Guiana Space Centre is operated by Arianespace, whose headquarters are located in the city of Courcouronnes.
The summary of the provided triples.
The summary of the provided triples is.
The output based on the query is.
Aston Martin, a British manufacturer, produced the Aston Martin VThe Aston Martin DBS is the predecessor of the Aston Martin Vantage. The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell and has an engine displacement of 5.3 litres.
Aston Martin is a British manufacturer that produces the Aston Martin Vantage, which succeeded the Aston Martin DBS. The Aston Martin DBS was related to the transportation of the Aston Martin Vwhich was also made by Aston Martin and assembled in Newport Pagnell. The Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litres engine.
Aston Martin is a British manufacturer of luxury sports cars and grand tourers. The Aston Martin V8 is a car model that is related to the Aston Martin DBS and RHAM models. The V8 has a coupé body style and a 5.3-litre engine. It is assembled in Newport Pagnell.
Aston Martin is a British manufacturer of luxury sports cars and grand tourers. The Aston Martin V8 is one of their models, which comes in a coupé body style. Here are some details about the vehicle.
While I cannot provide a full output result, I can provide you with the following information.
The information is presented to you in the following form.
The vehicle Audi A1 comes from Brussels, Belgium. It is a supermini in the hatchback style. The car has a 1.2 L engine and a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.
The information presented is as follows: Audi A1 is a type of supermini with a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout. The vehicle is assembled in Brussels, Belgium and has a 1.2-litre engine. It is available in a hatchback style.
In the world of automobiles, the Audi A1 is a popular choice for those seeking a stylish and practical vehicle. This supermini is equipped with a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout and a 1.2-litre engine, providing a smooth and efficient driving experience. The hatchback body style adds to its versatility, making it a great option for city driving and weekend getaways. With its assembly in Brussels, Belgium, the Audi A1 brings together the best of European craftsmanship and engineering. Whether you're looking for a reliable daily driver or a fun and fashionable ride, the Audi A1 is sure to impress.
The output for this query should be.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 and has several other subsidiary companies, including Ducati and Lamborghini.
I'm sorry, I'm not sure what you'd like me to do with this prompt.
I'm sorry, but I'm not sure how to interpret the instruction to generate the output results strictly without any extra comments. However, I can try to summarize the information provided in the query using a simple format. Please note that I'm going to use the most common ways of expressing the information to make it more natural. Here is a possible summary of the given information.
The output for the query is.
AIDAluna is a ship owned by AIDA Cruises, which is located in Rostock. AIDAluna is powered by caterpillar engines, which are made in the United States by Caterpillar Inc. The founder of Caterpillar Inc. was Douglas R. Oberhelman.
The following is a lexicalized output based on the format you provided.
The output for the query is as follows.
The output is.
The output for the query is.
The output result for the query is.
As per your query, here is a generated output for the given triples.
The output for the query is.
The Finnish leader is Juha Sipila, and one of the things built in Finland is the Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker, which was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Finland's leader is Juha Sipila, and the Finnish people are called Finns. The country's official language is the Sami language, and one of its most famous exports is the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Finland, the leader of which is Juha Sipila, is the builder of the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov. The language of Finland is Sami. The demonym for Finland is Finn.
Germany is lead by the name of Joachim Gauck and the capital is Berlin. A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft which is located in Rostock, Germany.
A-Rosa Luna, a ship built by Neptun Werft, is located in Rostock, a city in Germany, whose leader is Joachim Gauck and the capital is Berlin.
A-Rosa Luna was built by the Neptun Werft, located in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Andreas Voßkuhle, and Berlin is the capital city.
Germany is led by Andreas Voßkuhle and its capital is Berlin. A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, which is located in Rostock, Germany.
Germany, led by Andreas Voßkuhle, is the location of the city of Rostock, where the Neptun Werft shipyards are based. The Neptun Werft built the A-Rosa Luna cruise ship.
The United States, also known as the United States of America is a country. It has a capital called Washington, D.C. and a leader called the President of the United States. The country has a demonym called Americans and an official language called English. The country has a diverse ethnic group, one of which is Native Americans. One of the ethnic groups in the country is Native Americans, who are indigenous to the land. The country has a diverse culture and is also known as the origin country of the Atlas II.
The lexicalized output for the query is.
The lexicalized output for the query is.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born on May 2193in Miri, Malaysia, and resides in Kuching, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu political party and belongs to the Asajaya region.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, the leader of Asajaya in Malaysia, was born in Miri on 21st May 19and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu political party. He is also the current resident of Kuching.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, a leader born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He resides in the Demak Jaya neighborhood of Kuching, Sarawak. Adenan Satem, who succeeded him, graduated from the University of Adelaide.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, the former leader of the Malaysian state of Sarawak, was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu political party. Adenan Satem, his successor, graduated from the University of Adelaide.
The output result based on the query is.
Abdusalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was a vice president. Mike Akhigbe was a member of the Nigerian Navy and succeeded by Atiku Abubakar.
The output result for the query is as follows.
The Nigerian Army is led by Abdulsalami Abubakar, who held office while Mike Akhigbe served as Vice President. Abdusalami Abubakar's career ended on May 2199and Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded him.
{. document: Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Army and served as Vice President from May 2199until he was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. Mike Akhigbe previously served as Vice President and was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar.,. entities: {. . . Abdulsalami Abubakar: <Nigerian Army, Vice President>,. . . Mike Akhigbe: <Vice President>,. . . Oladipo Diya: <Vice President>,. . . Olusegun Obasanjo: <Vice President, Successor>. } }.
The lexicalization of the triples in the input query is.
Abraham A Ribicoff was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He worked as a Governor of Connecticut and he was born and died in the United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was a governor of Connecticut and a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He was born in Connecticut and passed away in the United States.
The output for the query is.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, an American with a party affiliation to the Democratic Party, held the office of United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He was born in Connecticut, but passed away in New York City.
Abraham A Ribicoff was a Democratic Party member who worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. He was born in Connecticut and passed away in New York City.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. He died in New York City.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was a United States national, whose birth place was Connecticut, and whose spouse was Casey Ribicoff. He died in New York. The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Connecticut, was a US national who died in New York. His wife, Casey Ribicoff, is American, with the ethnic group being Native Americans.
The output for this query is as follows.
Adam Holloway, born in Kent, attended Magdalene College, Cambridge, and served in the Grenadier Guards. He worked as a Member of Parliament for Gravesham from May 2005.
Adam Holloway, a member of the Grenadier Guards with a start date of 05-05-200was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge. He worked as a Member of Parliament for Gravesham.
Adam Holloway, born in Kent, is a member of the Grenadier Guards who worked as a Member of Parliament for Gravesham. He started his career in 20and his alma mater is Magdalene College in Cambridge.
Adam Holloway, a member of the Conservative Party in the United Kingdom, was born in Faversham, Kent, England and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge. He began his military service with the Grenadier Guards in 2005.
Adam Holloway ( born in Faversham, Kent, England ) was a member of the Conservative Party UK, who graduated from Magdalene College Cambridge and joined the military branch of the Grenadier Guards. He started his career in 2005.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham, Kent, England, attended Magdalene College in Cambridge. He served in the Grenadier Guards.
Makis Voridis was born in Athens, Greece and he was in office while Adonis Georgiadis was prime minister. Adonis Georgiadis was in office during Konstantinos Mitsotakis' time as prime minister.
The output result for the query is.
The output summary for the given query is.
The output is.
It is important to note that the output format is incorrect. The output should follow the format of the examples provided in the prompt. Here is the correct output.
The input provided does not contain a valid output. Here is a possible result.
Agnes Kant, a Dutch national, was born in Doesburg, Netherlands. She worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands, where Khadija Arib was one of the leaders. Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
{. result: Agnes Kant, who is from the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader, worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands led by Khadija Arib. She resides in Doesburg. }.
The output for the query is as follows.
## Agnes Kant, a Dutch national who resides in Doesburg, the hometown of the famous Dutch painter, was born in the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. The Netherlands is home to the Socialist Party, led by Emile Roemer.
Here is a possible interpretation of the requested output.
Albert B White was born on 22nd September, 18and passed away on 3rd July, 19in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Albert B. White was born on September 2185in the United States. He died on July 194in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and his spouse is Agnes Ward White. He passed away in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White was a governor of West Virginia, born in Cleveland and married to Agnes Ward White. He worked there from 1905-03-until he was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and worked as Governor of West Virginia from an unknown start date until 4 March 190He was married to Agnes Ward White and succeeded by William M. O. Dawson.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, Ohio, on March 190and had a political career in the Republican Party. He started his career on March 190and ended on March 190He was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was a member of the Republican Party. He was active between 19and 19and his successor was William M. O. Dawson.
There are no further examples in the provided dataset to use as a basis for a more accurate output, but I can provide a possible result based on the provided information.
I'm sorry, I am not able to understand your request. The examples you provided are incomplete and confusing.
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was president and Juan Peron's spouse was Eva Peron. Both were members of the Labour Party in Argentina and Alberto Teisaire's death place was Buenos Aires, led by Horacio Rodriguez Larreta.
The output for the query is.
The output based on the query is.
The output for the given query is.
Alfons Gorbach, born in the Austrian state of Tyrol and a member of the Austrian People's Party, died in Styria, in the city of Graz.
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in the Austrian state of Tyrol, belonged to the Austrian People's Party. He died in either Graz or Styria.
I'm sorry, I'm not sure what you are asking me to do. Do you want me to extract information from the provided text? If so, I can do that, but I don't understand how to do it in the way you are requesting. If you can be more specific, I would be happy to help you. I can also generate text based on the provided information, if that is what you are looking for. Please let me know what you would like me to do. I'm happy to help.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, in the state of Tyrol, and died in Graz, Styria. He belonged to the Austrian Peoples' Party.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol and passed away in Graz, Styria. He belonged to the Austrian Peoples Party.
The output for the query is.
Alvah Sabin ( Active from March 185in Vermont until his death on March 3rd, 18in Sycamore, Illinois ) was a member of the Vermont state's 3rd congressional district.
The output result is as follows.
The output for the query is.
I'm sorry, I am unable to output the specific query you have provided. I am an AI chatbot designed to assist users by providing thorough responses. I am unable to process the command you have given me as it appears to be incomplete. If you provide me with a complete query, I would be happy to assist you to the best of my abilities!.
Alfred Moore Scales, which is part of the United States, fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which was part of the American Civil War. The commander of the American Civil War was Jefferson Davis and an ethnic group in the United States are Native Americans.
This is the summary of the provided triples.
The United States is a country that is home to diverse ethnic groups, including Native Americans, who have fought in many battles throughout history, including the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War, which was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
The Siege of Petersburg was a key battle in the American Civil War, led by General Alfred Moore Scales of the United States. The war was fought between the Union and the Confederacy, led by Commander-in-Chief Jefferson Davis. The US is home to diverse ethnic groups, including Native Americans.
The summary for the input query is.
The output is.
The output should be.
Juan Peron was the leader of Argentina where Spanish is the spoken language. Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina and he was in office while Juan Peron was president. Juan Peron's party was the Labour Party of Argentina and he was married to Eva Peron.
