Abilene regional airport serves abilene.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
The runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 18l/36r.
Afonso pena international airport icao location identifier is the airport's.
Afonsa pena international airport serves curitiba.
Al-taqaddum air base serves fallujah.
The runway length of al-taqaddum air base is 3684.0.
The runway name of alderney airport is 14/32.
The runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360.12.
The 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol has the number 18.
The 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt.
The runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06/24 kaagbaan.
Andrews county airport is 973.0 above sea level.
Andrews county airport is owned by andrews county, texas.
The runway length of andrews county airport is 896.0.
The 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt.
Antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government.
The runway length of appleton international airport is 2390.0.
The runway length of ardmore airport in new zealand is 518 metres.
The icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa.
The runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11/29.
Atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority.
The runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13/31.
The dutch language is spoken in belgium.
Curitiba is part of the south region, brazil.
The people of denmark are called danels.
Fallujah is in iraq.
Greenville is in the united states.
Greenville is part of grand chute.
Arabic is spoken in iraq.
Madrid is in spain.
Maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is part of the united states.
The leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq.
The port authority of new york and new jersey serves the state of new jersey.
The largest city in texas is houston.
The united states air force fought in the 1986 bombing of libya.
The boeing c-17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force.
In 1998, aaron bertram began his career in 1998.
Aaron deer is a member of the band the horns of.
The band, aaron deer, label with the band kill rock stars.
The band, aaron turner, performs an avant-garde metal.
The band, aaron turner, performs a progressive metal show.
Abradab has a background as a solo singer.
Abradab was born on november 12, 1978.
Abradab was born in poland.
Abradab performs a live show.
Agustn barboza performs the guarania.
Ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul, turkey.
Alan frew performs a rock show.
Albennie jones is an associate of the band, sammy price.
Aleksandra kovac has a background as a solo singer.
Aleksandra kovac was born in jugoslavia.
Aleksandra kova performs rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra kova performs a live show.
Alex day performs a synthpop.
Alfredo zitarrosa is an associate of héctor numa moraes.
Alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo.
Alfredo zitarrosa has died in uruguay.
Alfredo zitarrosa label with rca.
Alison odonnell began her career in 1963.
Alison odonnell performs a jazz piece.
Alison odonnell plays the following instruments :.
The actor alan forrest was born on february 4, 1981.
The band, allan forrest, performs a pop show.
Alligator records is located in chicago.
Anders osborne is an associate of the late john sansone.
Anders osborne performs rhythm and blues.
Anders osborne record for alligator.
The singer andra performs rhythm and blues.
Andrew rayel began 2009.
Andrew rayel associate with christian burns.
Andrew rayel was born in chisinau, moldova.
Andrew white ( musician ) associate with marry banilow.
Andrew white is labelled with b-unique.
Asunción is part of gran asunción.
Christian burns plays the guitar.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of the hip-hop movement.
Hip hop is a style of funk.
Indie rock is a style of new wave rock.
Mansfield is part of greater manchester.
Polydor is located in london.
Rca is the distributing company of rca records.
Rock and roll is a style that originates from the african americans.
Synthpop is a style of pop.
British people are from the united kingdom.
Alan bean is a united states national.
Buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8.
Buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology.
Buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11.
Buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone from california.
Elliot see died on february 28, 1966.
Elliot see has died in st. louis.
Elliot see is a politician.
Silvio berlusconi is the chairman of ac milan.
The actor, aaron boogaard, bear in the country of canada.
Aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen.
Abel hernández plays for the uruguay olympic football team.
Abel hernández plays for the uruguay national football team.
The footballer abner was born in brazil.
Adam maher was born in the city of diemen.
Adam maher was born in the netherlands.
Adam maher played for the netherlands national.
Adam maher plays for psv eindhoven.
Ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team.
Akeem adams was born in the city of point fortin.
Akeem dent played for atlanta.
Akeem priestley plays for the united states navy.
Al-khor sports club play in the qatar stars league.
The manager of al zawraa sc is basim qasim.
Al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league.
Alaa abdul zahra was born in the city of iraq.
Alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f.c.
The footballer alan martin plays for hamilton academical fc.
The footballer alan martin played for the.
Aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2, 1995.
Aleksander barkov jr plays for the florida panthers.
Aleksander barkov jr is 1.905 tall.
Aleksander barkov jr is in the national hockey league.
Aleksandr putin was born on february 24, 1989.
Aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm.
Aleksandre guruli was born in batumi.
Aleksandre guruli plays for fc amtredia.
Aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national team.
Alessio romagnoli plays for as roma.
Alessio romagnoli plays for as roma.
Alex plante was born in the province of manitoba.
Alex tius plays in the turkish basketball super league.
The atlanta falcons are in the afc.
Don sweeney is the manager of the boston.
The city of budapest is in the country of hungary.
English is spoken in canada.
Slavey is spoken in canada.
The team are from the city of columbus.
Koleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv.
The manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov.
Gábor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc.
The language of finland is the finnish language.
Daniile zoratto is the coach of the italy national football team.
Zvi sherf is the manager of maccabi ashdod bc.
The motherwell f.c ground is fir park.
Jean-michel aulas owns olympic lyonnais.
The rams play in the st. louis arena.
The headquarters of the team is located in the city of nashville.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa.
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of postmodern architecture.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
George winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building.
The building of 320 south boston building began in 1910.
Ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms.
George richard pain were the architects of adare manor.
Adisham hall is located in haputale.
Akita museum of art is located in japan.
Alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary.
The address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus.
Asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places.
Julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds.
The architecture style of asilomar conference grounds is arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows.
Asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913.
Asser levy public baths are located in new york city.
Buffalo is part of erie county.
Byron brown is the leader of buffalo, new york.
County limerick is part of munster.
Crona n dhálaigh is the leader of dublin.
Mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia.
The people of india are called indians.
The los angeles herald examiner building is a significant building by julia morgan.
Live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills, california.
Manhattan is part of new york.
New york city was part of new netherland.
Pacific grove is part of the state of california.
White south africans are an ethnic group in south africa.
Elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
The celestial body known as 19255 vk8 has a density of 2.0 grams per square kilometre.
(29075 ) 1950 da was found by carrol a. wirtanen.
The absolute magnitude of (410777 ) 2009 fd is 22.1.
(410777 ) 2009 fd has an apoapsis of 24.9 km.
The celestial longitude of (66063 ) 1998 ro 1 is a celestial body.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 ro 1 is november 4, 2013.
The escape velocity of the 1000 piazzia is 0.0252 kilometres per second.
1923 oaa907 xc call 1923 oaa907 xc.
The maximum temperature of the celestial body known as 103 gaussia is 165.0 kelvins.
101 helena has an apoapsis of 4410.9 km.
The epoch of 101 helena is december 31, 2006.
101 helena has a mass of 3.0 ( pounds ).
The average speed of 10364 ganymed is 16.86 kilometres per second.
The absolute magnitude of 103 hera is 7.66.
103 hera has a mass of 7.9 ( kilograms ).
The absolute magnitude of 107 camilla is 7.08.
Storrs was the discoverer of 107 camilla.
A904 vd ; and a894 va call a904 vd.
The orbital period of 1089 tama is 1202.846 ( diametral ).
The average speed of the celestial body known as'1097 vicia' is 17.92 kilometres per second.
The epoch date of 10277 vicia is december 31, 2006.
The celestial body known as 1197 vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.
Christian heinrich frederick peters was the discoverer of 109 felicitas.
The periapsis of 109 felicitas is 283326000000.0.
The average speed of the plane is 16.76 kilometres per second.
The periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445959500000.
The epoch of 110 lydia is december 31, 2006.
The temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 kelvins.
James craig watson graduated from the university of michigan.
N.r. pogson was born in the city of nottingham.
The area code of albany, georgia is 229.
Albany oregon is part of the united states.
Mayor is the title of the leader of albuquerque, new mexico.
The new mexico house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque, new mexico.
The new mexico senate is the leader of albuquerque, new mexico.
The total area of amarillo, texas is 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo is part of randall county.
Anderson is part of richland township, madison county.
Angola, indiana is elevated 324 above sea level.
The area code of antioch, california is 925.
Antioch is part of contra costa county.
The population density of arlington, texas is 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Kasim reed is a leader in atlanta.
The total area of atlantic city, new jersey is 4.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic city is part of the state of new jersey.
Attica, indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn is part of lee county.
The total area of auburn, washington is 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of the state of texas.
Spanish is spoken in california.
Dunwoody is the largest city in dekalb county.
Fulton county is in the united states.
Anderson is the county seat of madison county, indiana.
Michigan is in the united states.
The largest city in michigan is detroit.
Orange county is in the united states.
The largest city in oregon is portland.
Fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county.
Barack obama is the leader of the united states.
The united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol.
April o'neal was created by kevin eastman.
Bananaman was broadcast by the bbc.
Ben urich full name is benjamin urich.
Bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
Bibbo bibbowski full name is bo bibbowski.
Bill oddie was born in lancashire.
Jon valor is also known as black pirate.
John buscema won the eisner award.
Karl kesel is an american.
Marv wolfman won the kirby award.
Peter laird is a united states national.
Scott adsit was born in northbrook.
Pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in arros negre.
Arros negre is from the catalonia region.
Arros negre is from the region of valencian community.
Ayam penyet is a dish from singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in a blt.
Baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong.
Bakewell pudding can is served both.
Bandeja pais is typical colombian cuisine.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the paisa region.
Barny cakes can is served in a dessert course.
Batagor is a variation of shumai.
Batagor main ingredients are fried fish, tofu, vegetables and peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in indonesia.
The alternative names for bhajji are bhaji and bajji.
Taro is an ingredient of binignit.
Cottage cheese can is added to bionico.
Bionico is a food found in jalisco.
Chicken is a bird.
The currency of india is the indian rupee.
Sumitra mahajan is a leader in india.
Indonesian is spoken in indonesia.
Aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco.
The banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java.
The malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia.
The leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo.
Spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york.
Shumai is from china.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay.
Malays are an ethnic group in sumatra.
David cameron is a leader of the united kingdom.
The alternative name for the 1955 dodge is the dodge coronet.
The engine size of 1955 dodge is 230 ( cubic inches ).
The christening date of a-rosa luna is april 7, 2005.
Aida studios is located in rostock.
Aidaluna is operated by aida cruises.
The christening date of aidastella is march 16, 2013.
The aidastella was completed on march 11, 2013.
The aidastella was first used on march 17, 2013.
Aidastella is operated by aida cruises.
The alv x-1 launch from the mid-atlantic regional airport.
The amc matador is also known as the american motors matador.
The netherlands 1 april 1948 sell to the netherlands 1 april 1948.
The abarth 1000 gt coupé has an a straight-four engine.
The acura tlx has an a honda k engine.
The acura tlx has an awd system.
The acura tlx and the honda accord are related.
The acura tlx has a v6.
The assembly of the alfa romeo 164 is in arese.
The alfa romeo 164 and the lancia thema are related forms of transport.
The transmission of the alfa romeo 164 is a 4 -speed ( zf 4hp18qe ).
The alhambra was built by the samuda brothers.
The ship beam of alhambra is 8.3 m.
Alhambra is a wrecked.
The top speed of alhambra is 18.52 km/h.
The alvis speed 25 has an a straight-six engine.
The alvis model began in 1937.
The american has a length.
The final flight of the antares ( rocket ) was on october 28, 2014.
The antares launch from the mid-atlantic regional.
Gabriela micheletti is the leader of argentine.
The ariane 5 launch from the guiana space centre.
The ariane 5 made august 11, 2005.
The aston martin v8 is a convertible.
Aston martin is the manufacturer of the aston martin v8.
The aston martin virage is made by aston martin.
The last flight of the atalanta ii was on march 16, 1998.
The ataturk ii launch from the vandenberg air force base.
The company was founded by august horch.
The audi a 1 build by the company audi brussels.
The audi a-1 and the seat ibiza are related.
Caterpillar is located in peoria illinois.
Costa crociere is located in genoa.
The de soto custom and the chrysler newport are related forms of transport.
The fiat croma and the alfa romeo 164 are related forms of transport.
The people of the country are called germans.
Norbert lammert is the leader of german.
The leader of german is stanislaw tillich.
Gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone.
The guiana space centre is located in french guiana.
Honda is the manufacturer of the honda k.
The star-spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states.
Native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
The 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000.
Carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county, pennsylvania.
The leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade.
The leader of azerbaijan is called the prime minister.
The native name of baku turkish martyrs memorial is turkish ehitleri ant.
The late aaron s. daggett was awarded the purple heart.
The united states navy's aaron s. daggett fought in the battle of min run.
Ab klink was born in stellendam, netherlands.
Abdul rahman yakub was in office while tuanku bujang and othman served as vice president.
Abdul taib mahmud belongs to the parti bumiputera sarawak party.
Sulaiman abdul rahman taib succeed abdul taib mahmud.
Abdulsalami ended his career on may 29, 1999.
Abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna.
Abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state.
Abner w. sibal retired on january 3, 1965.
Abner w. sibal has died in alexandria.
Adam holloway was born in the county of kent.
Adam holloway lives in gravesend.
Adenan satem graduated from the university of australia.
Adolf schneider was born in mikulov.
Adonis georgiadas served in office while antonis samaras was prime minister.
Adonis georgiadis worked as deputy minister for development, competitiveness and shipping.
Agnes knat was born in hessisch oldendorf.
Agnes ward white was born in the city of marietta.
Airey neave began june 30, 1953.
Airey neave was awarded the distinguished service medal.
Airey neave was born in knightsbridge, london.
Airey neave served as a test pilot.
Airey neave began service in 1935.
Albert b. white belong to the democratic party ( united states ).
Albert b. white marry agnes ward white.
Albert jennings fountain was in the union.
Alberto teisaire is from argentine.
Alberto teisaire served as a rear admiral.
Alfons gorbach has died in austria.
Alfred moore scales began march 4, 1875.
Alfred moore scales fought in the battle of chancellorsville.
Alfred n. phillips was born in darien.
Alfred n. phillips served as the mayor of stamford.
Allan shivers began january 21, 1947.
Allan shivers served in the united states army.
Price danvers was the successor of allan shivers.
Alvah sabin began his career on march 4, 1853.
Alvah sabin was a member of the united states's whig party.
Robert e. lee was a commander in the american civil war.
Austrian german is spoken in austria.
Robert e. lee was a commander in the battle of antietam.
Battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war.
Gabriela micheletti is the leader of buenos aires.
Colin powell commanded the united states navy.
John f. kennedy was preceded by dwight d. eisenhower.
Josef klaus graduated from the university of vienna.
The emperor of spain, juan carles i of spain was preceded by francisco franco.
Juan perón belong to the labour party ( argentina ).
The leader of the netherlands is mark rutte.
The united states army fought in the spanish-amercian war.
William m. o. dawson was born in bloomington.
Rolando maran has been manager of a.c. chievo verona.
A.d. isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division.
The full name of afc blackpool is' association football club blackpool'''.
Afc blackpool ground is the mechanics.
Afc blackpool ground is in blackpool.
A.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio.
As gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
Aek athens fc ground is in athens.
Aek athens fc were in the football league ( greece ).
Azal arena is located in baku.
Azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league.
Az alkmaar play in the eredivisie.
Akron, ohio is in the united states.
Akron is located in summit county.
The full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault.
The leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan.
Christian panucci plays for chelsea fc.
Christian panucci plays for inter milan.
Frank de boer played for fc barcelona.
Gubbio is in the region of umbria.
Sergio mattarella is the leader of italy.
Jens härtel played for fc sachsen leipzig.
Jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas.
Luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio.
Massimo drag played for a.s.d.
Michele marcolini plays for atalanta bc.
Michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio.
Peter stoger plays for 1.
Rolando maran plays for f.c.
Jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst.
St. vincent-st. mary high school is located in the united states.
1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba.
The president of acharya institute of technology is b.m.
Mahe india is northwest of kerala.
Meride is a neighbouring municipality to mendrisio.
The capital of romania is bucharest.
The dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students.
The isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint.
1634 the ram rebellion is available in paperback.
The aids journal is from the united kingdom.
The oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317.
A glastonbury romance is available in hardcover.
A long long way is written in the english language.
The author of a wizard of mars is diane duane.
The issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025-5858.
Above the veil was written by garth nix.
Above the veil is available in paperback.
The issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567-7920.
The lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978.
The addiction journal comes under the academic discipline of addiction.
Aenir is written in the english language.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the english language.
The american journal of mathematics discipline is math.
The novel castle is written in english.
Eric flint was born in burbank.
Macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar, straus and giroux.
A glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys.
Soho press is located in the united states.
The secret scripture was published by faber and faber.
Asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
English is the language of the united states.
Weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance.
Aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s and has a runway length of 2777.0 metres.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 metres.
Agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh.
Al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
Al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada.
The surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon.
Alderney airport has a runway length of 887.0 metres and a 1st runway made of asphalt.
Allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
Allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam airport schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3800 metres.
Amsterdam airport schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt.
Amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 metres.
Amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston.
Angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800.0.
The runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597.0 and the 3rd runway is made of poaceae.
Ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 12467 feet.
Ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which has its headquarters in turkmenistan.
Atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, united states.
The port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has the runway name 4/22.
Atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia.
The band psychedelia performs psychedelia and plays the guitar.
The player, aaron deer, is from the state of indiana.
The band twilight performs acoustic rock. he is a member of the band twilight.
Aaron turner is an avant-garde metal performer who performs a symphony.
Abradab associate with the club kaliber.
Abradab was born in the city of katowice on november 12, 1978.
Abradab was born in katowice, poland.
Ace wilder performs a rap style which has new york as its origin.
Ace wilder had a background as a backup singer. his record by the warners.
Agustin barboza was born in paraguay. he record for philips.
Alan frew performs rock and roll. bhangra is a fusion of rock.
Alan frew performs rock which is a variation of country.
Albennie jones performs a jazz style which is a style that originates from the african americans.
Aleksandra kova performs a pop show. her background is as a.
Aleksandra kova performs rhythm and blues which is a style that originates from the african americans.
Aleksandra kova performs a live show. her career began 1990.
Alex day performs sythpop which has new zealand as its origin.
Alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872.
Alfredo zitarrosa performs the milonga. his background is as a.
Alfredo zitarrosa performs in the taquirari genre. his background is as a.
Alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo.
Alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in guadalajara.
Alfredo zitarrosa performs the artform zamba. his background is as a.
Alison odonnell associate with the organisation bajik youth.
Alison odonnell performs a folk rock show. she record for floating world.
Alison odonnell performs a jazz show. she plays the following instruments.
Allen forrest performs a live show. his background is as a songwriter.
Andrew white performs an alternative rock show. christian is a sub genre of the same name.
Anders osborne is an associate of phil lesh and tab benoit.
Anders osborne performs rhythm and blues. he record for rabadash.
Anders osborne performs rhythm and blues. he label with shanachie.
Andra is a pop, it began in 2000.
Andra performs rhythm and blues which is a style that was originated from the african americans.
Andrew rayel associate with christian burns.
Andrew rayel associate with the club jonathan mendelsohn. he is also associated with the film, a clockwork orange''.
Andrew rayel associate with armin van buuren. he is also associated with jwaydan moyine.
Andrew white is a performer of alternative rock, which has new zealand as its origin.
Al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a performer of country which uses the banjo.
The company polydor is located in london. andrew white is also record by this company.
Alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 and is now retired.
Alan shepard was a test pilot who is now a test pilot.
Buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge new jersey on january 20, 1930.
Buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county.
William anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8.
William anders graduated from afit in 1962 and is now retired.
He was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita.
Jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of pearol, where abel hernández play.
Abel hernández plays for pearol and us citta di palermo.
Adam maher plays for az alkmaar and the netherlands national.
Adam maher plays for the netherlands national football team and psv eindhoven.
Ahmad kadhim assad plays for al shorta sc and. the latter club.
Thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc where akem adams play.
Akeem adams plays for t&tec sports club and the trinidad and tobago national football team.
Akeem ayers played for the new england patriots and picked 39 in the entity-4 draft.
He played for the new york knicks and picked 39 in the the draft.
Akeem dent was born on september 27, 1987 in 1987.
Akeem priestley plays for both the connecticut huskies and sheikh russel kc.
Akeem priestley plays for rops and sheikh russel kc.
Al khor is the home ground of al-khor sports club, a club associated with the club alaa abdul zahra.
Amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc which is where alaa abdul zahra play.
Alan martin is a footballer for both hamilton academical fc and leeds united.
The hamilton academical f.c, whose ground is new douglas park, has alan martyn as a member.
Aleksander barkov jr was born on september 2, 1995 and plays for the.
Aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere, finland and plays for the.
Valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow where aleksandr chumakov play.
Aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow.
Aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk in the rfc.
Aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi and fc karpaty lviv.
Alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989.
Alex tius was born on january 8, 1988 and plays for pallacanestro cantu.
Alex tius plays for maccabi tel aviv bc and is in the turkish basketball super league.
Alex plante was born in brandon manitoba, which is lead by the conservative party of canada.
Adam mcquaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada.
Adam mcquaid was born in canada where the english language speak.
Levan khomeriki is the manager of fc dinamo batumi where aleksandre guruli play.
Otkrytiye arena is the home ground of fc spartak moscow who are the club of aleksandr putin.
Akeem priestley plays for rops in the veikkausliiga.
United petrotrin f.c, whose ground is palo seco velodrome, has akeem adams as a player.
108 st georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988.
200 public square has 45 floors and is in the united states.
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is in chicago.
George winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building and is from the united states.
Hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located at east london.
Populous were the architects of the 3arena in dublin.
Marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen.
George richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862.
Adare manor is located in adare.
Addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
Adisham hall is in the tudor revival architectural style and is located in haputale.
Adisham hall is in the tudor revival architectural style and is located in sri lanka.
The akita museum of art is located in japan, where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
The akita museum of art has 3 floors and the address is 1-4-2 nakadori.
Amdavad ni gufa is located at opp. gujarat university, gujarat.
Ampara hospital is in eastern province, sri lanka, the leader of which is austin fernando.
Asser levy public baths are located in new york city, united states.
Asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which has the brooklyn borough.
Adare manor is located in county limerick, munster.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
The celestial body known as 19255 vk8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 ( kilometres ). it has an escape velocity of 0.0925 km persec.
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has an apoapsis of 259 kilometres. it has an minimum temperature of 21.0 ( kelvins ).
(410777) 2009 fd has a periapsis of 88234300000.0 and was found by nasa.
( 66063 ) 1998 ro 1 had the epoch date november 4, 2013. it has an escape velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second.
(66391) 1999 kw4 had an epoch date of july 14, 2004 and an 16244700.0 diameter.
(66391) 1999 kw4 had an epoch date of july 14, 2004 and an rotation period of 9953.28.
James c. watson, who died of peritonitis, was the discoverer of 101 helena.
The celestial body known as 2036 ganymed has an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres. it has an average speed of 16.86 kilometres per second.
Walter baade was born in the german empire and found the celestial body known as 1036 ganymed.
Walter baade is a national of the country. he found 1134 ganymede.
James c. watson, who died of peritonitis, was the discoverer of 103 hera.
James craig watson is a canada national. james craig watson found 103 hera.
N.r. pogson was born in the city of nottingham and found 107 camilla.
1927 wb;, formerly called 1927 wb, had the epoch date november 26, 2005.
The celestial body known as 1189 tama has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres and an temperature of 179.0 kelvins.
The celestial body known as 1197 vicia had an epoch date of december 31, 2006 and an periapsis of 279142000000.0.
109 felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000.0 kilometres and an temperature of 170.0 kelvins.
109 felicitas had the epoch date of december 31, 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
The epoch date of 109 felicitas is december 31, 2006 and it has a rotation period of 47487.6.
The celestial body known as hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km and an temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
The celestial body known as 10 hygiea, formerly called a900 ga, had the epoch date june 27, 2015.
The epoch date of 110 lydia is december 31, 2006 it has a mass of 6.7.
The epoch date of 110 lydia is december 31, 2006 and it has a nebula.
Akron, ohio is in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
Albany is part of oregon where the capital is salem.
Albuquerque is in the united states and is lead by the united states house of representatives.
Amarillo is part of the state of texas in the united states.
Anaheim, california is lead by the united states house of representatives.
Anaheim is part of orange county in the united states.
Anderson is part of adams township, madison county in the united states.
Antioch, california is 13.0 km above sea level. it has a total area of 75.324 square km.
Arlington, texas is 184.0 meters above sea level. it has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states.
Atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states.
Atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county in the united states.
Atlantic city, new jersey is in the united states, the capital of which is washington d.c.
Atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county in the united states.
Atlantic city, new jersey is a city in 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. newark, new jersey is the capital of new jersey. new york is the largest city in 1421.2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ).
Auburn is part of pierce county in the united states.
Albany is part of the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
Amarillo is in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c.
Albuquerque, new mexico is in the united states, where african americans are an ethnic group.
Albany is part of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn, alabama is in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
Akron, ohio is in the united states where english is the language speak.
Albuquerque is in the united states, the leader of which is known as the president.
April o'neal was created by peter laird, a us national.
Jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc.
Graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv.
Tim brooke taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6, starring the same.
Baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6, starring scott adsit.
Steven t. seagle is the creator of the character baymax who appeared in the film big hero 6.
Ben urich, full name ben urich, was created by roger mckenzie.
Bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman.
Bibbo bibbowski ( full name : bo bibbowski ) was created by marv wolfman.
Tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which is from italy.
Arem-arem is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
Arrabbiata sauce can is found in italy where the italian language speak.
Arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy.
Arros negre is from the region of the valencian community in spain.
Asam pedas is a food found in indonesia and its main ingredients are squid and fried bananas.
Ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia.
Blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
The main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage.
Bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which can also is known as a bacon muffin.
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is an variation of the blt.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from france.
Baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader.
Meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from the united states.
A variation of the bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which includes fruit preserve.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which is an dish from indonesia.
Celery is part of the apiaceae family and is an ingredient in bakso.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa, a colombian dish.
Barny cakes can is found in france where claude bartolone is a leader.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is an dish from indonesia.
Batagor is a variation of siomay and contains peanut sauce.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is an popular dish in singapore.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia. the main ingredients of beef kway teow are beef tenderloin.
Bhajji comes from india where the people are called indians.
Bhajji comes from india where t s thakur is a leader.
Binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are a ethnic group.
The main ingredient of binignit is banana and the dish comes from the philippines.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes and banana.
Bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto.
Granola is an ingredient of bionico which is an food found in guadalajara.
Bionico and cake are desserts.
Bakso is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader.
Batagor is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake mushrooms.
The length of the a-rosa luna is 125800.0 ( metres ) it is an a cruise.
The a-rosa luna is 125800.0 ( metres ) long. it order on january 22, 2004.
The aidastella is operated by aida cruises which is located in the german port of hamburg.
Aida cruises, located in rostock, operates the aidaluna.
The aidaluna is 250 metres long. it has a top speed of 40.744 km/h.
Aidastella christen on march 16, 2013 and is 25.3 metres long.
The alco rs-3 was built by the montreal locomotive company. it has a.
The alv x-1 has a diameter of 1,524 metres and has 2 stages.
The amc matador build in kenosha, wisconsin. the matador come in 1974.
The designer of the amc matador was richard a. teague who worked for the company.
The ara veinticinco de mayo is from argentine and is 192000.0 ( metres ) long.
The alfa romeo 164 was built in milan and is a related type of transport to the saab 9000.
The alfa romeo 164 is a related type of transport to the fiat croma and was built in italy.
The alfa romeo 164 was built in italy and is a related type of transport to the lancia thema.
Alvis car and engineering company, located in coventry, is the manufacturer of the alvis speed 25.
The alvis speed 25 has a 4387.0 ( cubit metres ) engine. it has a a 1 transmission.
The alvis speed 25 has an a straight-six'' engine. it has an a transmission.
The amc matador was made by american motors. the amc matador was followed by the eagle.
The nasa made its first flight on january 9, 2014 and launch from the mid-atlantic regional spaceport.
The ara veinticinco de mayo ( v-2) is from argentine where the leader is gabriela micheletti.
The ariane 5 was made by airbus defence and space. it launch from the ela-3.
Airbus group is the parent company of airbus defence and space who made the apollo 5.
The aston martin v8 was built in the united kingdom and is a related type of transport to the aston martin rham/1.
Aston martins is the manufacturer of the aston martin v8. the aston miata was preceded by the aston martin virage.
The aston martin v8 is a related type of transport to the aston martin dbs. it was preceded by the aston martin virage.
The aston martin virage is made by aston millar. it is the successor to the aston martin v8.
The apollo 12 mission, with a diameter of 3.04 m, made march 16, 1998.
Lockheed martin is the manufacturer of the atalanta ii. the mission launch from the cape canaveral air force.
It is the manufacturer of the a 1 and has a division called e-tron.
The a-1 is made by the german company, audi. it has a subsidiary called ducati.
The company is the manufacturer of the a 1. it has a subsidiary called quattro.
Douglas r. oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar. the caterpillar c14 is the power type of the aidaluna.
The antares ( rocket ) is similar to the delta ii which launch from the nasa.
The icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in finland, where the leader is juha sipilä.
General dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electraboat which built the american submarine nr-1.
The company is the owner of mtu friedrichshafen. mtu is the manufacturer of the rosa luna engine.
Elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom. the country is the home of the aston martin v8.
The 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield, which has frederick maryland as its nearest city.
The baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the turkish martyrs of the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan.
The baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the turkish martyrs of the battle of baku and is known locally as the turkish ehitleri ant.
He was awarded the purple heart and fought in the battle of fredericksburg.
He was awarded the purple heart and fought in the battle of gettysburg.
Abdul rahman yakub succeed abdul taib mahmud and has stephen yong kuet as his deputy.
Abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak.
Abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and graduated from the technical institute.
Abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state.
Al-amin daggash was the successor of abdulsalami abubakar.
Alusegun abasanjo was the successor of abdulsalami abubakar.
Akwa ibom is a city in niger. abuja is the capital of the state.
Abner w. sibal fought in the world war ii where joe stalin was a commander.
The united states navy fought in the korean war. frank borman served in the us navy.
Adam holloway was born in the county of kent and attended magdalene college.
Adam holloway was born in the county of kent and lives in the town of gravesend.
Adam koc has won the virtuti militari and fought in the first world war.
Adonis georgiadis was born in athens.
Adonis georgiadis was born in athens.
Adonis georgiadis was born in greece.
Agnes knat was born in hessisch oldendorf.
Airey neave was awarded the distinguished service medal. he served in the royal artillery.
Airey neave fought in the battle of france. it began march 4, 1974.
Airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander.
Airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii.
Airey neave fought in the world war ii where franklin d. roosevelt was a commander.
Airey neave fought in the world war ii where joe stalin was a commander.
Albert b white was born on september 22, 1856 and died in 1941.
Albert b. white was born on september 22, 1856.
Albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county, new mexico.
Albert jennings fountain died in st louis. the united states congress was in office while president edmund j. davis served as vice president.
Albert jennings fountain was born in new york city. he belong to the democratic party ( united states ).
Isaac rojas was the successor of alberto teisaire.
Alfons gorbach was born in austria.
Alfons gorbach was born in the in the state of tirol.
James w. reid was the successor of alfred moore scales.
The president of the united states graduated from the university of pennsylvania. the prime minister was the successor to alfred moore scales.
Alfred n. phillips was born in the state of new hampshire.
The united states navy fought in the american civil war. alfred n. phillips was a member of the 1st infantry division.
Allan shivers fought in world war ii where joe stalin was a commander.
Allan shivers was born in lufkin texas.
Ben ramsey was the successor of allan shivers.
Alvah sabin was born on october 23, 1793.
Agnes knat is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro.
Agnes knat is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte.
Albert b. white died in parkersburg, united states.
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and were in the regionalliga.
A.c. chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is in verona.
Rolando marano, born in italy, is the manager of ac chievo verona.
Jorge humberto rodriguez has been manager of a d isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas.
A.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014-15 a epsth, greece.
The manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers fc.
The manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who plays for irlam town fc.
Afc fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in lancashire.
As gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in gubbio.
A.s. livorno calcio is in the serie b league and their ground is in livorno.
Christian panucci has been manager of a.s. livorno calcio and plays for a.s roma.
Paulo sousa has been manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus.
The full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s.p.a and it have 47290 members.
Aek athens f.c has 69618 members and its ground is in athens.
Aek athens fc is in the superleague of greece and their ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ).
Afc ajax ( amateur )'s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is tenanted by jon ajax.
Azal pfk ground is azal arena in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
They has 3000 members and were in the 2011 pdl season.
The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in a.s gubbio 1910 gubbio.
The ground of as gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
Luciano spalletti has been manager of as roma and plays for empoli fc.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university ( nickname uab ) is located in the state of alba.
Visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum is affiliated with the acharya institute of technology.
The acharya institute of technology in bangalore has b.m. reddy as its president.
All india council for technical education is located in mumbai.
Awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala, whose leader is kochi.
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and is available as an e-book.
Aip advances ( abbreviated to aip advances ) has the eissn number 2158.
A fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and was produced in great britain.
A fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
John cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance which was followed by weymouth sands.
A long long way was published in press & paperback with the oclc number 57392246.
A long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
A long long way was published by viking press, whose parent company is penguin random house.
A loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in china.
The isbn number of a severed wasp is 0-374-26131-8 and the oclc number is 8805735.
A severed wasp is available in hardcover with the oclc number 8805735.
A severed wasp is written in english, the language spoken in great britain.
A severed wasp is in the media type printed book and has the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
Abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science + business media which was founded by founder julius springer.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9. it is a fantasy novel.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9 and oclc number 78771100.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the evil librarians.
The american journal of mathematics, abbreviated to am. j. math, comes under the discipline of mathematics.
The american journal of mathematics is published by the johns hopkins university press, the parent company of which is johns hopkins university.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
A fortress of grey is from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
A fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
A wizard of mars was published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
A wizard of mars was published in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group.
Aarhus lufthavn a/s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway name of'10r/28l' and a length of 2776.0 metres.
Adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake. its runway length is 3.0 km.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama, part of the community of madrid in spain.
Agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag.
The united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3992.88.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the 1986 bombing of libya and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle on their aircraft carriers.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle aircraft fighter.
Alderney is served by alderney airport which has a 1st runway made of poaceae and is 877.0 km long.
Allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority, whose headquarters are in karachi, pakistan.
Located in punjab, pakistan allama iqbal international airport has a runway name of 18l/36r and a runway length of 2900.0.
Alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, united states and is 210 metres above sea level.
Located in andrews county texas andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 773 km.
Located in andrews county texas andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0 km.
Andrews county airport is located in texas, where the capital is austin. the language spoken in texas is english.
Andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the inhabitants are known as tejano.
Antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language speak.
Atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, atlantic county, united states.
Atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the state of new jersey and has its headquarters at four world trade center.
Atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, united states and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan, where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid, part of the community of madrid and led by ahora madrid.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid, spain, where the leader party is ahora madrid.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes, spain where the leader party is the peoples party.
The band,suburban legends are an american rock band. the band include the lead singer, aaron bertram. they have also associated with the band kid idiot.
The band,,,, performs an indie rock show. he is a musician.
The band, the guardians, performs psychedelia. he is a musician.
Greymachine performs a black metal show. he is a member of greymachine.
Greymachine performs a drone. he is a member of greymachine.
The band, mamiffer, performs an acoustic show. he is a member of the band mamiffer.
The band, black metal, includes the member, alan turner is an an elk guitar player. the band performs a live show.
The band is a singer who performs black metal. it is a fusion of death and hard rock.
Abradab was born on november 12, 1978. he is a member of the club kaliber.
Abradab is a member of the club katowice.
Ace wilder performs the style of hip-hop which has its and its origins.
Agustn barboza was born in asunción, paraguay, where the leader is juan afara.
Nrbq performs rock. his is a lead singer. al anderson is a member of nrbq.
Alan frew performs rock'n'roll which is a variation of country. alan frew is a rock musician. it is a variation of bhangra. alan frew is a rock musician.
Albennie jones performs a jazz band which is a style of rock. afrobeat is a fusion genre of that style.
Albennie jones was born in errata mississippi. he performed rhythm and blues. disco is a derivative of that type of music.
Aleksandra kova performs pop. she is associated with the band bebi dol.
Aleksandra kova performs pop. she is associated with the band bebi dol.
Aleksandra kova performs rhythm and blues. she is a member of the group k2.
Alex day performs sythpop which has its and its origins.
Alfred garth jones was born in england in mansfield and died in sidcup.
Alfred garth jones was an united kingdom national born in england and died in london.
Alfred garth jones was an united kingdom national who was born in mansfield and died in london.
Alfred garth jones was born in the city ( led by the labour party ) and died in sidcup.
Alfred garth jones died in london in sidcup. the leader of london is boris johnson.
Flibbertigibbet performs a traditional irish folk song. she is a member of the band flibbertigibbet.
Alison odonnell performs a folk style of music. she is a member of the band flibbertigibbet.
Alison odonnell plays the saxophone. she is a performer of the'jazz' genre. rhythm and dance is a derivative of that type of music.
Alison odonnell is a the style jazz performer, a derivative of which is funk. this cd record by static caravan.
Alan forrest was born in dothan, alabama. he performs a show. his background is as a backup singer.
Allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama. he performs rhythm and blues. his background is as a rhythm and blues.
The clash performs the band, the damned. it is a style that was originated from the uk. steve marriott is a alternative rock musician. black ice is a style of rock that was popular in the late 20th and 30s. the band queens of the stone age is a musician.
Anders osborne is an associate of bill iuso and kirk jones.
Anders osborne is an american. he record for the rock band ac/dc. he is a rock musician. he is a member of the british band the beatles. he is a member of the entity-5. an american
Andra performs dance-po. she is a member of crbl.
Andra performs rhythm and blues. she is an associate of the band andreea bălan.
Andra is a solo who performs r & b. disco is a derivative of that style.
Andrew rayel performs trance. he is a member of christian burns.
Andrew rayel performs trance. he is an associate of the band, trance.
Christian burns performs house. he is an associate of andrew rayel. he is also an associate of jwaydan moyine.
Steve marriott is a found in blackadder. elliot see is a found in the band the whites. the beatles is a found in entity-5. the bbc
The band,'' a.k.a. the'', performs ska. he is a member of the band, supanic legends. ska is a style that was originated from the uk.
Albennie jones was born in errata, united states, where african americans are an ethnic group.
Alan bean is an american born in wheeler, texas and is now retired.
Buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, united states, where joe biden is a leader.
American buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology and was selected by nasa in 1963.
American elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin.
Elliot graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st. louis.
Elliot see, who graduated from the university of texas at austin, died in st. louis where the leader is francis g. slay.
Elliot see died in st. louis, kingdom of france on february 28, 1966.
Alan shepard was born in new hampshire ( home of the purple finch bird ) and spent 13017.0 ( minutes ) in space.
Aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen, vfl wolfsburg and goslarer sc 08.
Aaron hunt is in the sv werder bremen ii club and plays for vfl wolfsburg which is managed by dieter hecking.
Abel hernández played youth football for central espaol, is a member of the hull city afc and plays for us citta di palermo.
Abel hernández plays for pearol, u.s citta di palermo and central espaol.
Adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for az alkmaar and psv eindhoven.
He is a member of the united petrotrin f.c and is a player for w connection f.c, their ground is palo seco.
Akeem ayers played for the los angeles rams. the rams was picked 39 in 2.
Akeem ayers played for the st. louis rams. the rams was picked 39 in 2.
Akeem dent was born in atlanta on september 27, 1987. he played for the atlanta falcons.
Alaa abdul zahra was born in iraq and plays for the iraq national football team and the shabab al-ordon club.
Al khor is the home ground of al kharaitiyat sc who have alaa abdul zahra as a player and plays for shabab al-ordon club.
Alan martin, born on january 1, 1989, is a footballer for both clyde fc and hamilton academical.
Alan martin is a footballer for both accrington stanley fc and the, their ground is in accrington.
Aleksander barkov was born in tampere, finland on september 2, 1995 and plays for the.
Aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere, finland on september 2, 1995. he played for the.
Aleksandr chumakov was born in the ussr and died in the country where the leader is vladimir putin.
Aleksandr putin was born on february 24, 1989 and plays for both fc alania vladikavkaz and fc kuban krasnodar.
Aleksandr putin was born on february 24, 1989 and plays for fc tomsk and the russia national football b team.
The parc olympique lyonnais is the home ground of olympic lyonnais, a club played by aleksandre guruli and azal pfk.
Aleksandre guruli plays for both olympic lyonnais and us lesquins, olympic lyonnais home ground is the parc olympique lyonnais.
Sinia mihajlovic is the manager of ac milan where he plays for the italy national team.
Alessio romagnoli plays for a.c. milan and u.c. ampdoria and is managed by sinia mihajlovic.
Alessio romagnoli plays for as roma and the italy national team. the team coach by daniile zoratto.
Alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for both ac milan and u.c.
Alex plante was born in brandon, manitoba, has a height of 1.9304 metres and plays for the club anyang halla.
Alex plante was born in france, has a height of 1.9304 metres and plays for the club anyang halla.
Alex tyus is in the euroleague and plays for maccabi ashdod bc. it is managed by zvi sherf.
Alex tius is in the turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi ashdod bc. it coach by zvi sherf.
Aleksandr putin is in the fc spartak moscow club, played for fc tom tomsk and is at the otkrytiye arena.
Otkrytiye arena is the home ground of fc spartak moscow who are the youth club of aleksandr putin who plays for fc anzhi makhachkala.
Valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow, where aleksandr chumakov played in the 2014-15 season.
Abel hernández is a member of the england national football team and plays for the uruguay olympic football team, the club is managed by steve bruce.
Aleksandr chumakov was born in the city of rostov ( led by the president of the us ) and died in st. louis.
Luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla where he played for the brazil national team.
Luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla where he played for c.d.
Alex tyus was born in st. louis which is part of greater st. louis and is lead by francis g. slay.
Akeem ayers played for the new england patriots. he was a member of the team in the national football league.
United petrotrin fc, whose ground is palo seco, is where he played for the trinidad and tobago national team.
John madin ( born in birmingham ) was the architect of 103 colmore row, london.
200 public square is located in cleveland, ohio,, where frank g jackson is a leader.
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres, and is located in the united states.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois, where rahm emanuel is a leader.
George winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building in the united states which has 22 floors.
Hok sve was the architect of 3arena, completed in december 2008 and located at north wall quay.
Ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is located in denmark and is tenanted by marriott international.
Ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 23 floors, was designed by the architects 3xn and has a tenant of marriott international.
Augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster.
Adare manor, designed by philip charles hardwick, was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus.
Adisham hall, designed in tudor and jacobean style, was completed in 1931 and is located in haputale.
Adisham hall, designed in tudor and jacobean style, was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka.
Adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, a country led by ranil wickremesinghe.
Adisham hall is located in sri lanka, where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
Alan b miller hall was built between 1927 and 1933 and is currently tenanted by united states the mason school of business.
Julia morgan, born in san francisco, was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum.
Julia morgan, born in california, was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and chinatown in san francisco.
Asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 27, 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 in avenue a manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on april 23, 1980.
Asser levy public baths, constructed in 1904, are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on april 23, 1980.
The architect of 103 colmore row was john madin who was born in birmingham which is lead by the conservative party.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham, which is lead by the liberal democrats.
Addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia, whose leader is hailemariam desalegn.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedaba, gujarat, where anandiben patel is a leader.
Bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda maryland and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen.
The celestial ellipse of 19255 vk8 is a celestial body. it has a mass of 5.6 kg. it has a escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per second.
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has a periapsis of 88234300000.0 and a orbital period of 39447000.0. it was found by nasa.
( 66063 ) 1998 ro 1 has an apoapsis of 25099570.60815 kilometres. it has an maximum temperature of 500.0 kelvins. and an minimum temperature of -71.0.
( 6639 ) 1999 kw4 has a density of 2.0 grams per square kilometre. it has a apoapsis of 162164091.8388 km.
The celestial body known as 1000 piazzia had an epoch date of june 27, 2015, an orbital period of 28.3 yrs and an periapsis of 352497000000.
The celestial body known as 102 gaussia, formerly called 1923 oaa907, had an epoch date of june 27, 2015 and an periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.
The celestial longitude of 101 helena is a celestial body. it has a mass of 3.0 kilograms. it has a escape velocity of a length of. 0348 ( kilometres per second ).
Walter baade is a german national who attended the university of gottingen. he found the postcode'' 990''.
103 hera had an epoch date of august 27, 2011. it was found by james c. watson who died in madison.
James craig watson died in madison, wisconsin from peritonitis. he was the discoverer of 103 hera.
The epoch date of 103 hera is august 27, 2011 it has an orbital period of 1622.213 (days ) and an apoapsis of 437.9 km.
103 hera has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. it has an temperature of 170.0 kelvins. and an escape velocity of 0.0482 kilometres per second.
N.r. pogson was an englishman born in nottingham. pogson found 107 camilla street.
The celestial body known as 1189 tama, formerly called a904 vd, had the epoch date of november 26, 2005. it has an orbital period of 1202.846 ( disects ).
The celestial body known as 1189 tama had an epoch date of november 26, 2005 and an periapsis of 288749000000.0 and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
The celestial body known as 1910 vic, formerly known as 28 pc, had an epoch date of december 31, 2006 and an periapsis of 279142000000.0.
The epoch date of 109 felicitas is december 31, 2006 it has a mass of 7.5 ( kilograms ) and a orbital period of 139705000.0.
The epoch date of 109 felicitas is december 31, 2006 it has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and an apoapsis of 523329000.0 km.
Asteroid has an apoapsis of 66.16 kilometres. asteroid has an orbital period of.88 ( kilometres per second ). a sun is an a celestial body. it is an entity-5. asteroid is an entity-6.
Asteroid has a surface area of.88 ( kilometres per square kilometre ). asteroid has a apoapsis of 16.76 ( kilometres ). the celestial body is a asteroid. it is a entity-5. a spherical is a entity-6.
The celestial body known as 10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres. it has a apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. it has a temperature of 164.0 ( kelvins ).
110 lydia had an epoch date of december 31, 2006. it has an mass of 6.7 km and an periapsis of 37701600000.0.
110 lydia had an epoch date of december 31, 2006, an periapsis of 37701600000.0 and an apoapsis of 440756000.0 kilometres.
Albany is part of dougherty county in the united states, where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The leader of albuquerque, new mexico is the new mexico senate.
Alpharetta is part of fulton county in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta, georgia is in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
No. 7 is a found in the state. it is a found in 77. -7 is a found in entity-5. 112
Anaheim, orange county is lead by the california state senate which is located in the california state capitol.
Anderson is part of the city of anderson in madison county, united states.
Angola is part of steuben county in the united states, where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Antioch is part of contra costa county, the san francisco bay area and is lead by the united states house of representatives.
Arlington is part of tarrant county, united states and the county seat is fort worth.
Atlanta is in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The united states is a found in 404. it is a found in the united states. atlanta is a found in entity-5. the united states
Newark is the largest city in atlantic city, atlantic city is part of the state of new jersey in the united states.
New york city is the largest city in the united states where the airport is part of the great lakes region.
Auburn is part of the lee county, lee county, united states.
Auburn is part of washington state in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c.
Auburn is part of washington state, united states, whose capital is olympia.
Albany is part of dougherty county, us state, where the capital is atlanta.
Anderson is the largest city in madison county where alexandria is also located in the united states.
Atlantic city is part of new jersey, united states, where the capital is trenton.
Houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken and arlington is a part of the state of texas.
Attica is part of fountain county in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c.
Attica is part of fountain county in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c.
Akron ohio is in the united states, where the capital is washington dc and english is the language speak.
Akron is part of summit county in the united states, where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany is part of benton county in the united states, where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albuquerque in new mexico is in the united states, where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany, georgia is in the united states, where english is the language spoken and african americans are an ethnic group.
Angola is in the united states, where english is the language spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and the frenchman, rene goscinny.
Tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on april 15, 1986.
Big hero 6, distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures, is the first film appearance for the character baymax and stars the actor scott adsit.
Disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and has baymax as a character.
Walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and has baymax as a character.
The comic character blockbuster, also known as the character, was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox.
The comic character bolt, also known as big bolt, was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn.
Bolt, also known as big bolt, was created by ernie colon and gary cohn.
Guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is from the lazio region of italy.
Arem-arem is a dish of javanese cuisine and its main ingredients are banana leaf.
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which is a member of the division of flowering plants and belongs to the solanaceae family.
Olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from the rome region of italy.
Tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from the rome region of italy.
Asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula, malaysia. the main ingredients are squid and pedas.
Asam pedas is a food found in malaysia, where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria.
Ayam penyet is a dish from indonesia and malaysia, where the malaysian chinese are a ethnic group.
The blt is a variation of a club sandwich and bacon sandwich and contains lettuce.
Bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the white americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d.c.
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is an variation of blt and club sandwich.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from the new york region and france.
Baked alaska is from france where the currency is the euro and the leader is manuel valls.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from the new york region of the united states.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska, which is a dessert, as is cookies.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales. the main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
Bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region. the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef is an ingredient in bakso which is an dish from indonesia.
Avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is an dish from the paisa region of colombia.
Hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is an dish from the paisa region of colombia.
Barny cakes can is found in france where the leaders are francois hollande and manuel valls.
Batchoy is a food found in the philippines and the main ingredients are vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a food found in the philippines and the main ingredients are vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a dish found indonesia and singapore, where tony tan is a leader.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is an dish from singapore and indonesia.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is an dish from malaysia and indonesia.
Bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan.
Banana is an ingredient of binignit, which is a dessert, as is a cookie.
Sago is an ingredient of binignit, which is a dessert, as is cookies.
Taro is an ingredient of binignit, which is a dessert, as is cookies.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes ( part of the order of solanales ) and banana.
Granola is an ingredient of bionico, a dessert, which comes from mexico.
Raisin is an ingredient of bionico which is an food found in the guadalajara region of mexico.
Bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy, where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasson.
Batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan.
Amatriciana sauce includes tomatoes which are from the solanaceae family and the order solanales.
The 1955 dodge is also known as the dodge coronet. it has a v8 engine and a transmission.
The a-rosa luna is 125800.0 ( metres ) long. it is a type of cruise ship. it order on january 22, 2004.
The a-rosa luna is 125800.0 ( metres ) long. it has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes. it has a top speed of 24.0.
The aidastella is operated by aida cruises which is located in the german port of hamburg and is owned by costa crociere.
The aidastella christen on march 16, 2013. it is a 253260.0 ( metre ) long long. it went into service on march 17, 2013.
The alco rs-3 was built by the american locomotive company and has an a four-stroke engine. the rs-3 is 17068.8 ( metres ) long.
The alco rs-3 was built by the american locomotive company. it is 17068.8 ( metres ) long and has a v12 engine.
The american locomotive company was founded in new york. it built the alco rs-3. the rs-3 is 17068.8 ( metres ) long.
Alv x-1 is from the united states where the people are known as americans and african americans are an ethnic group.
Alv x-1 is from the united states, where the capital is washington d.c and the native americans are an ethnic group.
The alv x-1 has a diameter of 1,524 metres. it had 1 total launches and 2 stages.
The abarth 1000 gt has an a coupé body style and an a straight-four engine. it ended production in 1958.
The abarth 1000 gt coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 mm. it is 1:55 meters in length. it is a two-door.
The icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built by the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki. it has a length long.
The alfa romeo 164 was built in italy, the capital of which is rome. the 164 is a related type of transport to the fiat croma.
The alfa romeo 164 was built in italy, where the capital is rome. the 164 is a related type of transport to the lancia thema.
The arese built italian is a related car to the fiat croma and the lancia thema.
The alfa romeo 164, built in milan, is a related means of transport to fiat croma and the saab 9000.
The alhambra is 63800.0 ( metres ) long. it has a beam of 8 metres. it launch on may 31, 1855.
The alhambra has a status of wrecked. it launch on may 31, 1855. it has a beam of 8 metres.
Alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry. it is the manufacturer of the alvis speed 25. it has an a petrol engine.
Roy d. chapin jr is a key person at american motors which buy by eagle. the company made the.
The delta ii was found in the united states and is a similar rocket to the antares. it was designed by the u.s.'s.
The antares was designed by the uzhnoye design office. it has a mission function. it launch from the mid-atlantic regional spaceport.
The ariane 5 was made by arianespace. it launch from the ela-3. the ela-3 is located at guiana.
The aston martin v8 was built in the united kingdom at newport pagnell, in england. it is a related type of transport to the aston martin dbs and has a 5.3 l engine.
The aston martin v8 is a related type of transport to the aston martin dbs. it was built in the united kingdom and has a 5.3 l engine.
The atalanta ii was found in the united states. it launch from the cape canaveral air force.
The atalanta ii was originated from the united states where the leader is known as the president and the native americans are an ethnic group.
The atalanta ii was found in the united states. it launch from the cape canaveral air force. the apollo 12 mission launch from a falcon 9.
The audi a 1 build by the company audi brussels. it is a with a 1.2 engine.
The a-1, made by the company's parent company, is a related means of transport to the seat ibiza and the volkswagen polo.
Caterpillar was founded in california and is located in peoria, illinois. the caterpillar c14 is the power type of the aidaluna.
Aidaluna is owned by aida cruises. it has an a built by st. louis, entity-5.
Aidastella is owned by costa crociere, located in genoa, and operated by aida cruises.
The delta ii is from the united states and is similar to the antares rocket. it launch from the nasa.
The headquarters of the nasa are in french guiana french guiana is the location of the ela-3 the ela-3 was the launch site of the ariane 5.
The guiana space centre is located in french guiana. the ela-3 is located at the guiana centre. it was the launch site of the ariane 5.
Neptun werft is located in the city of rostock, german. it is located in the city of rostock.
The apollo 12 mission originates from the united states where the people are known as americans and the african americans are an ethnic group.
The 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, united states, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
The 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg, adams county, which has carroll county, maryland to its southeast.
Baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial ( azerbaijan ) is located.
Baku turkish martyrs'memorial is located in azerbaijan, where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly.
The ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu.
The fighter pilot,aaron s. daggett, born in the state of maine, was awarded the purple heart and fought in the battle of fredericksburg.
Ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended the erasmus university in rotterdam. he belongs to the christian democratic appeal party.
Abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak. he succeed by abdul rahman yakub who has stephen yong kuet tze as his deputy.
Abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and resides in malaysia. he belongs to the barisan raayat jati sarawak party.
Abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from the technical institute of kaduna.
Abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the naf. he was appointed by president, alusegun abasanjo. he died in abuja.
Akwa ibom is a city in atiku abubakar. akwa ibom is the capital of the country. atiku ababa is the largest city in atiku abubakar.
Abel caballero was born in galicia in the region of ponteares.
Abel caballero was born in galicia, spain. he belong to the spanish socialist workers party.
Joe stalin was a commander in world war ii where abner w. sibal fight. abner w sibal served in the united states air force.
Abner w. sibal was born in ridgewood, queens. he belong to the democratic party ( united states ).
George h w bush was a commander in the iraq war where adam holloway fight. he served in the glenadier guards.
Adam holloway was born in faversham and attended magdalene college, cambridge. adam holloway belong to the conservative party.
Adam koc was born in congress poland and fought in the polish–swedish war, where leon trotsky was a commander.
Adam koc fought in the polish-soviet war which was part of the russian civil war and commanded by the leader of the latter.
Adonis georgiadis was born in athens.
Adonis georgiadis was born in athens, greece.
The colour of adonis georgiadis is the colour of the new democracy ( greece ) the leader belong to the party.
Agnes jant is a national of the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte.
Agnes kant is a national of the netherlands, where the leader is marc rutte. agnes is a member of the socialist party.
Agnes knat was born in west german and graduated from the radboud university in nijmegen.
Airey neave fought in world war ii. fighter pilot began his career on june 30, 1953. he retired on march 30, 1979.
Airey neave fought in world war ii. he began his career on march 4, 1974. he retired on march 30, 1979.
Albert b. white was born on september 22, 1856 and died in 1941 on july 3, 1941.
Agnes ward white was born in marietta, ohio. she was the wife of albert b. white. albert b white succeed by william m. o. dawson.
Albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in st louis where african americans are an ethnic group.
Albert jennings fountain was born in new york city, staten island and died in st louis.
Albert jennings fountain was born in new york in staten island and died in st louis.
Alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where the governing body is the buenos aires city legislature and the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta.
Alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentine. he died in st louis. it was preceded by the fighter pilot.
Alfons gorbach was born in austria in the county of tirol and died in graz.
Alfred n. phillips was born in new hampshire. he served under the president.
Alfred n. phillips was born in darien, new hampshire. he served under the president.
Allan shivers is a city in the democratic party of the united states. washington dc is the capital of washington dc. washington dc is the largest city in the united states.
Alvah sabin lived in the state of vermont, where the largest city is burlington. he retired on march 3, 1857.
Alvah sabin was born on october 23, 1793. he belong to the whig party, whose leader was john adams.
Alvah sabin was born in georgia, vermont. he belong to the whig party, whose leader was dan webster.
Albert jennings fountain was born in the united states and fought in the american civil war, where abraham lincoln was a commander.
Alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg, which was involved in the american civil war, commanded by general jefferson douglas.
Alfons gorbach was born in the county of tirol and died in st. louis. the leader of austria is johann schneider-ammann.
Alfons gorbach was born in the state of tirol and died in austria where the leader is johann schneider-ammann.
Alfons gorbach died in 1899 in styria. the leader of austria is johann schneider-ammann.
The 1st mississippi infantry fought in the battle of salem church, the american civil war, where robert e. lee was the commander.
Ab klink is a national of the netherlands who was born in stellendam. the currency of the netherlands is the euro.
The kashubians are an ethnic group in poland where polish is spoken and adam koc is an national.
The manager of 1 fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for 1. fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche.
The manager of a.c. cesena is massimo drago who played for both and a.s.d.
Associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a.c. lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro/a league.
The manager of a.d. isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for alianza f. c and the el salvador national football team.
A.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members, their chairman is antonis milionis and their ground is located in athens.
Association football club blackpool ( abbreviated to afc blackpool ) has 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool.
The manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who was at chesterfield fc and plays for runcorn fc halton.
The manager of afc fylde is dave challinor who plays for both colwyn bay fc and stockport county fc.
Livorno calcio s.p.a ( abbreviated to a.s. livorno calcio ) has 19238 members and their ground is located in livorno italy.
Christian panucci is the manager of as livorno calcio who are in the serie b league of which carpi fc 1909 are champions.
A.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for both chelsea fc and real madrid.
Aek athens fc ground is in athens and they are in the superleague greece, the champions of which are olympiacos fc.
The manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet who plays for chelsea fc and real madrid.
The ground of afc ajax ( amateur ) is located in amsterdam which is part of amsterdam-centrum and is lead by eberhard van der laan.
The ground of afc ajax ( amateur ) is located in amsterdam which is part of amsterdam-noord and is lead by eberhard van der laan.
John van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both and istanbulspor.
Agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
The manager of as roma is luciano spalletti who plays for empoli f.c and udinese calcio.
The manager of a.c. cesena is massimo drago who played for both a.s.d. licata 1931 and s.s. chieti calcio.
The manager of a.c. cesena is massimo drago who played for both a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925 and us castrovillari calcio.
The manager of a.c. cesena is massimo drago who played for both s.s. chieti calcio and us castrovillari calcio.
Awh engineering college in kerala, india has an academic staff of 250.
Acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university.
Awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is lead by kochi and has mahe, india to its northwest.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's anthem is deșteaptă-te, române and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. the leader of romania is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
It was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928.
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint, has 448 pages and is in hardcover.
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and is written in english, the language spoken in great britain.
Acm transactions on information systems was published by the association for computing machinery, headquartered in new york city, and led by the president.
The aids journal ( issn number 0269-9370 ) is part of the academic discipline of hiv and hiv/aids.
The aids ( journal ) is part of the academic discipline of hiv and aids. it has the issn number 1473-5571.
The editor of aip advances is a.t. charlie johnson who lives in the united states and attended stanford university.
A fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6 and oclc number 51969173.
A loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the isbn number 1-56947-301-3 and oclc number 49805501.
A loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states.
A severed wasp is from the united states and written in english, the language spoken in great britain.
The hardback book a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ) has the issn number 1865-8784 and lccn number 32024459.
The novel aenir, written in english, was followed by above the veil which is from australia.
Aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil which is written in english.
Above the veil by garth nix is available in hardcover and has 248 pages.
Acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol, has the issn number 0567-7920 and lccn number 60040714.
The addiction journal, abbreviated to addiction journal, comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360-0443.
The addiction journal ( issn number 965-2140 ) is published by wiley-blackwell, whose parent company is john wiley and sons.
Cornell university in new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
Aenir was written in english by garth nix and followed by above the veil.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english, the language spoken in great britain.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover, has 320 pages and the oclc number 78771100.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ).
John cowper powys was born in shirley, derbyshire, written a glastonbury romance and died in blaenau ffestinlog.
Sara mccune was the founder of sage publications which is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001-8392.
A severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d.c and the native americans are an ethnic group.
A wizard of mars was written in english and was published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
A wizard of mars was published in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the african americans are an ethnic group.
A fortress of grey is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and the native americans are an ethnic group.
Abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and is 546 metres above sea level. the runway name is 17l/35r and it has a length of 2194.0 km.
Adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake. it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3.1 km.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama, san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire. the runway name is 18l/36r and it has a length of 3000 metres.
Agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force. the iata location identifier of the airport is agr and the icao location identifier is viag.
The united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq. the runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3990 metres.
The united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq. the runway name is 9r/27l and it has a length of 3990 metres.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada. they deploy the lockheed ac-130 on their aircraft carriers and the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle on their aircraft carriers.
The pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan. the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900.0.
It serves the city of amsterdam and is 3.3528 above sea level. the runway name is 9/27 buitenveldertbaan and is it long.
It serves the city of amsterdam and is 3.3528 above sea level. the runway name is 18l/36r aalsmeerbas and is it long.
Andrews county airport, which serves the city of andrews, texas is 973 metres metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0 km.
Andrews county airport is located in texas, united states. the capital of the state is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano.
Andrews county airport is located in texas, united states. the capital of the state is austin and the language spoken english.
Angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is located in colo e bengo, bengo province, angola.
Antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and owned by the flemish region. it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 60.0 km.
Ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines, whose headquarters are in ashgabat, turkmenistan and whose hub airport is turkmenbashi international airport.
Athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens. it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, united states. the airport serves the city of atlantic city which is lead by don guardian.
Atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, united states and is owned by the south jersey transportation authority which is lead by stephen dilts.
Antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. the leader of belgium is charles michel and the german language speak.
Antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium and one of the languages spoken in belgium is french.
Adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, essex county, harrietstown, new york, united states.
Al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. the leader of iraq is saddam hussein and one of the languages spoken in iraq is kurdish.
Al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. the leader of iraq is haider al-abadi and one of the languages spoken in iraq is kurdish.
Allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana.
The surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants is in the class monocotyledon and is in the order of commelinids.
The band, the cars, performs ska. he is a member of the band, kid's imagine nation. the st. louis rams is a member of the band.
American is a found in the film'psychedelia'. that is a found in psychedelia. indiana jones is a found in the band psychedelia.
The band isis performs acoustic rock and is a singer. he is a member of the band isis.
The band old man gloom performs post rock and began his career in 1995. he is a member of the band, old man gloom.
He plays an elctric guitar and is a performer of black metal. he is a member of the band sumac.
Ace wilder was born on july 23, 1982 in stockholm in 1982. he had a background as a rock and roll.
Ace wilder was born on july 23, 1982 in denmark in 1982. he had a background as a rock and roll.
Ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 and is a songwriter. his background is as a rock band.
Ace wilder was born in denmark in 1982 and is a songwriter. his background is as a rock band.
Ahmet ertegun is a found in the united states. united states is a found in the rhythm and blues movement. american is a found in the rhythm and blues movement.
The african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. ahmet ertegun performs the rock and roll. it is an style that was originated from the african americans.
Albennie jones performed rhythm and blues. he retired in 1950. rhythm and blues is a style of rock. disco is a derivative of that style.
Albennie jones was born in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group. albennie jones performs the sport of tennis which has the african americans as its origin.
Aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade in 1972. she performs a medley. her background is as a.
Aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of srpbia in 1972. she performs r & b. she is a.
Alex day is an acoustic musician. he began an american in 2006. he is a member of the band, chameleon.
Alex day performs electronica. he began his career in 2006. he is a member of the band.
Alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 and died in london.
Dani martnez is the leader of montevideo where alfredo zitarrosa die. this city is in the country where the inhabitants are known as uruguayans.
Alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and performs a cantombe show. his background is as a rock and roll player. this cd record by rca.
Alison odonnell is a folk musician. she began an american in 1963. she is a member of the a leader band.
Alison odonnell is a folk musician. she began an american in 1963. she is a member of the band head south by weaving.
Alison odonnell performs jazz. she record with deram records in london. she is also record with floating world.
Alison odonnell performs jazz. she record with deram records in london. she is also record with fruits de mer.
Allen forrest was born in fort campbell in 1981. he performs live. his background is as a lead.
Allen forrest was born in fort campbell, ky and was born in 1981. he performs a racial slam. his background is as a songwriter.
Andrew white is a musician associated with the band marry banilow. the band performs the band alternative rock, which has its as its origin.' nu rock' is a fusion genre of that rock.
Anders osborne performs rock. he is associated with the band u2. he is also associated with the band ac/dc.
Alligator records is located in chicago and plays the blues. it is the record label of anders osborne. he is also record by shanachie.
Her was born in romania and is an american. she performs a live show. her background is a backup singer.
The singer andra performs rhythm and blues which is a style of music originated from the african americans. disco is a derivative of that style. funk is also a derivative of r & b.
Andrew rayel performs trance. it began 2009. he is a member of christian burns.
Andrew rayel performs trance. he is associated with christian burns. he is also associated with jwaydan moyine.
Andrew white is an american who began the uk in 2003. he is a member of kaiser chiefs. he is also associated with marry banilow.
Andrew white began his career in 2003. he is a member of kaiser chiefs. he record for the defunct, universal records.
Juan afara is the leader of paraguay where agustin barboza died in asunción, part of the gran asunción region.
Al anderson is a performer of country, which includes the banjo. al anderson is a member of the band nrbq.
Allan forrest performs a live hoop show. it is a stylistic mix of disco and funk. drum and bass is a derivative of this type of music.
Alfred garth jones was born in england in the city of manchester, greater london, where the leader is the labour party.
He is a post-metal musician, he uses a cymbal. he is a member of the house of nod.
He is an an elk guitar player. he is an member of the band, twilight, which performs black metal.
Albennie jones was born in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group. albennie jones performed rhythm and blues which is an style that originated from the african americans of the south.
Alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler, texas. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent a test pilot in space.
Alan shepherd was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
William anders was born in british hong kong which is represented by the chinese zodiac. he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman.
Buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, nj and graduated from the nasa. he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, nj, was a fighter pilot, joined nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew.
Buzz aldrin ( born edwin eugene aldrin jr ) was a crew member of nasa apollo 11 and won 20 awards.
Alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california.
Alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator.
American ellit see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin. he died in st. louis.
William anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 to serve as a crew member on apollo 8.
Alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen who are in the 3 liga league. aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii.
Abel hernández played youth football for central espaol. he now plays for hull city afc and pearol, the manager of which is steve bruce.
Jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of pearol where he played youth football. he plays for both central espaol and us citta di palermo.
Abel hernández played youth football for pearol and now plays for u.s. citta di palermo in italy, managed by giuseppe iachini.
Adam mcquaid was born on october 12, 1986 in the province of prince andrew in 1986. he weigh 94.8024 pounds.
Adam mcquaid plays for both the boston bruins and the columbus blue jackets. he is the manager of the boston bruins.
Akeem was born on july 10, 1989 in 1989. he made the debut for the tennessee titans and played for the st. louis rams.
Akeem dent was born in atlanta on september 27, 1987 and played for houston texans.
Akeem dent was born in atlanta georgia on september 27, 1987. he made the debut for the atlanta falcons and played for the houston texans.
Al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor and their manager is amar osim. he is in the al-zawraa sc club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc.
Amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc who have their ground in al khor. alaa abdul zahra is a member of the iraq national football team and plays for the iraq national team.
Al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor and their manager is amar osim. alaa abdul zahra is part of the al kharaitiyat sc club and plays for shabab al-ordon club.
Alan martin, who is 185.42 metres, was born on january 1, 1989 and plays for both crewe alexandra fc and hamilton academical.
Alan martin is 185.42 metres tall and was born on january 1, 1989. he played for the club crewe alexandra f.c and the scotland national.
Aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24, 1989 and has a height of 185.0 metres. he plays for fc dynamo moscow and fc kuban krasnodar.
Aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24, 1989 and has a height of 185.0 metres. he plays for fc rubin kazan and fc spartak moscow.
Aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and has a height of 178.0 metres. he plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni.
Alex plante, who plays for the new york knicks, was born on may 9, 1989 in canada in 1989.
Alex plante was born in canada in 1989, has a height of 1.9304 metres and plays for the club anyang halla.
The actor, andrew boogaard was born in the country where elizabeth ii is the leader. the national anthem is o canada and the language spoken inuktitut.
The actor, andrew boogaard, was born in the country where elizabeth ii is the leader and the national anthem is o canada. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country.
The rocker, aaron boogaard was born in the country where elizabeth ii is the leader. the national anthem is o canada and the slavey language speak.
Aleksandr prudnikov is in the fc kuban krasnodar club and plays for fc terek grozny, their ground is in grozny and their manager is rashid rakhimov.
The manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov and the chairman is aleksandr tukmanov aleksandr tukmanov played for fc lokomotiv kolin in the 2014-15 season.
The houston texans is located in houston, texas. akeem dent played for the houston texans. he debut for the atlanta falcons.
Steve bruce is the manager of hull city fc, where he plays for the youth club, pearol, which plays in the uruguayan primera division.
103 colmore row in birmingham began construction in 1973 and was completed in 1976 with 23 floors.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, the capital of which is cape town, asian south africans and coloured people are ethnic groups.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, united states, whose governing body is cleveland city council.
250 delaware avenue in buffalo, new york has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million ( dollars ) to build.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, cook county, united states, where rahm emanuel is a leader.
300 north lasalle in illinois has 60 floors, a floor area of 120770.0 square metres and was completed in 2009.
Live nation entertainment is the owner of 3arena in dublin, leinster, republic of ireland.
The ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen has 23 floors, was designed by the architects 3xn and has a tenant of marriott international.
Adare manor is located in adare, county limerick, munster, which is governed by the limerick city and county council.
The akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan, where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
The akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan, where the filipinos are an ethnic group.
The akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan, where vietnamese people are an ethnic group.
The akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan, where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
The college of william and mary is the owner of alan b miller hall which was completed on 1st june 2009 at 101 ukrop way, williamsburg.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders.
Asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 and is located in pacific grove california. it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27, 1987 with 87000823.
Asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and are located in avenue a manhattan. they were added to the national register of historic places on april 23, 1980 with 80002709.
Asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of brooklyn and manhattan, where cyrus vance jr is a leader.
The asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, united states. the leader of manhattan is gale brewer.
Birmingham, which has the b postcode, is lead by andrew mitchell. the city is the birthplace of the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
Birmingham council, which has the b postcode, is lead by the uk labour party. it is the birthplace of the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india. the leader of gujarat is anandiben patel and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where narendra modi and t s thakur are leaders.
The akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan, where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom, the capital of which is london, led by the parliament of the united kingdom and elizabeth ii.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, where english is the language spoken and the leader is known as president of the united states and joe biden is a leader.
The celestial body known as 19255 vk8 had an epoch date of december 31, 2006 and an orbital period of 878.3 m. it has an periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres.
( 66063 ) 1998 ro 1 had an epoch date of november 4, 2013. it has an orbital period of 360.29 ( days ). it has an apoapsis of 25099570.60815 kilometres. it has an escape velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second.
( 66063 ) 1998 ro 1 had an epoch date of november 4, 2013 and an orbital period of 360.29 ( days ). it has an mean temperature of 265 kelvins and an apoapsis of 25099570.60815 km.
The celestial body known as the piazzia had the epoch date of june 27, 2015. it has an orbital period of 28.395 ms and an periapsis of 354 km. it has an escape velocity of 0.0252 kilometres per second.
The celestial body known as 1001 gaussia, formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc, had the epoch date of june 27, 2015. it was found by astronomer sergey belyavsky and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.
Walter baade was born in the german and attended the university of gottingen. his doctoral student was allan sandage. walter baade found the celestial body known as the big bang.
Walter baade was born in preußisch oldendorf and attended the university of gottingen. his doctoral student was johann wolfgang goering. walter baade found the celestial body known as the big bang.
Walter baade graduated from the university of göttingen and studied under halton arp. arp. he found the celestial body known as the big bang'' and died in st. louis.
James c. watson graduated from the university of michigan. he was the discoverer of 103 hera. he died in madison wisconsin from a coma.
103 hera is a test pilot. he found 103 hera and died in madison, wisconsin. 103 hera has an apoapsis of 437103000 kilometres.
James c. watson is a sailor. he found 103 hera. he died in madison wisconsin from peritonitis.
N. r. pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai. pogson found 107 camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
N. r. pogson was born in nottingham and died in st louis. pogson found 107 camilla on march 1, 2001.
The celestial body known as 1189 tama, formerly called a904 vd, had the epoch date of november 26, 2005. it has an orbital period of 1202.846 ( disects ) and an periapsis of 288749000000.0.
The celestial body known as 2089 tama had an epoch date of november 26, 2005 and an orbital period of 1202.846 ( days ). it has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres. it has an escape velocity of 0.00068 ( kilometres per second ).
The celestial body known as 1197 vicia had an epoch date of december 31, 2006. it has an mass of 9.8 kilograms and an orbital period of 135589000.0. it has an apoapsis of.511592000.0 km.
The epoch date of 109 felicitas is december 31, 2006 it has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and an periapsis of 283326000000.0 a celestial body has an escape velocity of 0.0473 kilometres per second.
The celestial body known as 10 hemia, formerly called a900 ga, had the epoch date of june 27, 2015. it has an orbital period of 5.57 ( diametro) and an periapsis of 4161636000000.0.
1101 clematis had an epoch date of december 31, 2006 and an orbital period of 183309000.0. it has an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres. it has an escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second.
1101 clematis, formerly known as 1928 sj, had the epoch date of december 31, 2006. it has a 183309000.0 orbital period and a periapsis of.445895000000.0.
1101 clematis had the epoch date december 31, 2006. it has an orbital period of 28.395 ms and an periapsis of 240 km. it has an escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second.
English is the language of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group. albany is located in georgia.
Gettysburg is a found in the state. the city is a found in the area. the city is a found in dead mans plack. dead mans plack
Alpharetta is part of fulton county in the state of georgia, united states. the county seat of fulton county is atlanta.
Amarillo is part of potter county in the united states. the capital of the us is washington dc and african americans are an ethnic group there.
Amarillo is located in the united states, potter county, texas, whose capital is austin.
The leader of anaheim is the california state assembly which is located in california state capitol anaheim is part of the state of california where spanish speak.
Anderson is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union and is located at 268 meters above sea level. anderson, indiana is located in the state of indiana. anderson is located in the central indiana region.
Angola is part of the larger community of pleasant township, steuben county, united states. it has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
-7 is a found in 102372. 75.324 square kilometres is a found in 925. -7 is a found in 102372. -7
The leader of atlantic city, new jersey is called the mayor.
Auburn is part of lee county, alabama, united states, where there is an ethnic group called asian americans.
Auburn is part of lee county, alabama, united states, where african americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn, washington is in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c. auburn is part of king county and is part of washington's eastern district.
Auburn, washington is in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c. auburn is part of king county, washington state.
Houston is the largest city in texas where austin is part of hays county and the county seat is dallas.
Anaheim is is lead by the california state assembly which is located in the california state capitol. california is a state where chinese speak.
Alpharetta is part of fulton county in the state of georgia, united states. the county seat of fulton county is atlanta.
Anderson is part of the greater lafayette area in madison county, united states. the capital of the state is indiana's.
Houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken and united states is a city.
Albany is part of benton county in the united states. the capital of the country is washington d.c and african americans are an ethnic group there.
The largest city in the united states is new york city and the capital is washington dc new jersey is part of the united states and is a part of atlantic city.
Albuquerque, new mexico is located in the united states, a country led by president barack obama. african americans are a ethnic group in the united states.
Albuquerque, new mexico is lead by the new mexico senate which is lead by john sánchez. the city is located in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany is part of benton county in the united states. the capital of the country is washington d.c and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Barack obama is the leader of albuquerque in new mexico in the united states. this country is home to the native americans.
English is the language of the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group. albany is part of the united states.
English is the language spoken in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans. angola is located in the state of indiana.
Angola is part of steuben county in the united states. english is the language spoken in the us and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which has its headquarters in broadcasting house, broadcasted bananaman and produces bbc radio.
Bananaman first aired on stv on october 3, 1983. it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling.
Baymax, created by duncan rouleau, an american, is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter.
Bolt, also known as big bolt, was created by ernie colon and gary cohn, an american.
Amatriciana is a sauce from the lazio region of italy. the main ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is from italy, where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasson and sergio mattarella.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arrs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain. the leader of catalonia is the parliament of catalonia and the spaniards are a ethnic group from spain.
Asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malaysia. the malay are a ethnic group from malaysia and bataks are a ethnic group from sumatra.
Asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malaysia. malays and minangkabau people are ethnic groups from sumatra.
Bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d.c. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d.c. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Ketchup can is added to a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk. the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and a bacon sandwich.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce it can also is known as a bacon sandwich.
Cookies and baked alaska are types of dessert. the latter dish comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
Baked alaska is from the regions of paris, new york or hong kong and the united states. the main ingredients are : meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
Baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and is popular in the us, china and hong kong. the main ingredients of baked alaska are the following.
Baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and the united states. the main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart, an variation of bakewell pudding, which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire.
Bakso is a traditional dish from indonesia and is popular in the country's. the main ingredients of bakso are beef and vegetables.
Bakso is a food found in indonesia and its main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia. the main ingredients are colombian.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia. the main ingredients are colombian.
Barny cakes can is found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are francois hollande and gérard larcher.
Batagor is a dish found in indonesia. it is a variation of siomay and shumai, which contains shiitake.
Batchoy originates from the region of la paz, iloilo city, philippines. the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles.
Batchoy is a soup found in the philippines. the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia. the main ingredients of beef kway teow are beef tenderloin.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in indonesia and malaysia. standard chinese is spoken in singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
Beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia. the main ingredients of beef kway teow are beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji, also known as bhajji, comes from the karnataka region of india and contains vegetables.
Bhajji ( also known as bhajji ) comes from the karnataka region. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
The main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order solanales.
Binignit is a dish from the region of visayas, philippines. its main ingredient is coconut milk and it also contains sago.
Bionico is a dessert that contains granola. it is from the jalisco region of mexico.
Bionico is a food found in guadalajara, mexico. the main ingredients of bionico are : chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo. a cookie is also a dessert.
Tapioca is an ingredient of bakso which is an dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is an leader.
Ayam penyet is a food found in java and singapore, where tony tan is a leader. baduy are a ethnic group from java.
Batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the ilocano and the zamboangans are ethnic groups.
Batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic speak. ethnic groups there include the igorot and the zamboangans.
A cookie is a dessert, as is binignit which is a dish from the philippines where english speak.
Sandesh is a dessert, as is binignit which is a dish from the philippines where english speak.
The 1955 dodge has a wheelbase of 120.0 ( inches ). it was made by general dynamics and has a v8 engine. it has a a 327 hp transmission.
De soto is the manufacturer of the desoto custom which is a related form of the 1955 dodge and the chrysler newport. the desoto was preceded by the desoto firedome.
Aidastella is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises, which is located in rostock.
Aidastella is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises. the vessel is 25.3 metres long and was built by the german company meyer werft.
The alco rs-3 was built between may 1950 and in 1957. they has a v12 engine.
The alco rs-3 was built between may 1950 and august 1956 and built by the american locomotive company. the rs-3 has a v12 engine and is 17068.8 metres long.
The american locomotive company was founded in new york, united states. the company built the alco rs-3 which is 17068.8 ( metres ) long.
The alco rs-3 was built between may 1950 and the company montreal locomotive. they has a v12 engine.
The alco rs-3 was built between may 1950 and the company montreal locomotive. they has 12 cylinders and a 4 - stroke engine.
The amc matador is also known as the american motors matador. it was built in mexico city. the matador has an a station wagon body style and has an amc v8 engine.
Vam matador ( also known as the vam classic ) is an a mid-size'' class car. it was built in kenosha, wisconsin and has an amc straight 6 engine.
The acura tlx is a mid-size car built in marysville, ohio. it has a 1.6 liter inline-four and has an a honda k engine.
The acura tlx is a luxury built at the marysville car plant. it has an a f-segment design and an v6 engine.
The icebreaker aleksey chirikov is an icebreaker. it was built by arctech helsinki shipyard in finland. it has an us navy long.
The icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in the country. it was built in helsinki, a country inhabited by finns and led by juha sipilä.
The icebreaker aleksey chirikov is an icebreaker. it was built by arctech in the city of helsinki. it has an us navy long.
The alfa romeo 164, built in italy, is a related means of transport to the lancia thema and the saab 9000. it has a a straight-four engine.
The alfa romeo 164, built in italy, is a related means of transport to the fiat croma and the saab 9000. it has a v6 engine.
The alhambra has a status of a wreck. it is 63800.0 ( metres ) long. it has a beam of 8 metres. it launch on may 31, 1855.
Alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry. it made the alvis 20 which has an a petrol engine. the alvis company was followed by the rover.
Alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry. it is the manufacturer of the alvis speed 25. it has a straight-six engine. the alvis company was followed by the rover.
Roy d. chapin jr was a key person at american motors which lose to fca. the company was followed by the eagle company. the latter company made the.
The american submarine nr-1 was built by general dynamics. it has a beam of 3.8 m. it launch on january 25, 1969. it has a the united states navy's top speed.
The american submarine nr-1 is 3.8 m long. it has a 3.8 m long beam. it launch on january 25, 1969. it has a top speed of 834 km/h.
The antares was designed by the yzhnoye design office. the nasa made its first flight on april 21, 2013 and its last flight on october 28, 2014. the antares launch from the mid-atlantic regional''.
The antares was designed by the yzhnoye design office. the nasa made its first flight on april 21, 2013 and its last flight on september 18, 2013. it launch from the mid-atlantic regional''.
London is the capital of the united kingdom. the aston martin v8 was made in the uk. it was preceded by the aston martin virage. the aston martia was made by aston millar.
The aston martin v8 was built in the united kingdom and is a related type of transport to the aston martin dbs and the aston martin rham/1. it has a 5.3 engine.
The aston martin v8 has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the aston martin dbs. the aston martin v8 was preceded by the aston martin virage which is made by aston millar.
The nasa-operated ataturk ii made december 5, 2002 and has a diameter of 3.04 m. it launch from cape canaveral air force and the us.
The audi a 1 is a supermini built by the company audi brussels. it has an a f-segment layout and an 1.2 litre engine.
The company, founded by august horch, has a division called e-tron. it is the manufacturer of the a3. it has a subsidiary called ducati.
Aidaluna is owned by aida cruises. it has a caterpillar engine, founded in california and located in the city of chicago.
Aidastella is owned by costa crociere, located in genoa. it is operated by aida cruises and was built by the company meyer werft.
The delta ii was found in the united states. it launch at the nasa. it launch at the mid-atlantic regional spaceport and is a similar rocket to apollo 12.
The delta ii was found in the united states and is similar to the antares rocket. the mission launch from nasa and the.
The alfa romeo 164, built in italy, is a related type of transport to the fiat croma and the opel vectra. the class it was in is a sedan.
The alfa romeo 164, built in milan, is a related type of transport to the fiat croma and the opel vectra. the type is a sedan.
General dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat which is located in groton, new hampshire. the company built the american submarine nr-1. it has a 3.8 m long ship.
Neptun werft is located in rostock, german. it built the a-rosa luna. german leader is klaus iohannis.
The apollo 12 mission was originated from the united states, where the capital is washington d.c. english is the language spoken there and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The apollo 12 mission was originated from the country where the people are known as americans and african americans are one of the ethnic groups. the capital of the country is washington d.c.
Established in 2000 the 11th mississippi infantry monument is a contributing property found in a united states.
Baku turkish martyrs'memorial is located in azerbaijan, the capital of which is baku and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade.
The baku turkish martyrs'memorial, which is dedicated to the martyrs of the turkish people, is located in azerbaijan, the capital of which is baku. the native name of the country is baku turkish martyrs memorial.
The 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on july 11, 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield, frederick county, the nearest city to which is frederick.
Ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara. the country is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which is made of bronze.
The ataturk monument, designed by pietro canonica, is located in izmir, turkey and was inaugurated on july 27, 1932. the leader of turkey is known as the president.
He was born in new hampshire and won the purple heart. he fought in the american civil war and died in west roxbury.
He was born in new hampshire and won the purple heart. he fought in the battle of the wildernes and died in st louis.
Ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended the erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mbas.
Abdul taib mahmud was born in miri, malaysia and lived in the asajaya region. he resides in kuching.
Abdul taib mahmud was from the asajaya region, was born in putrajaya and resides in sarawak.
Adenan satem was born in british borneo. he was the successor to abdul taib mahmud who lives in sarawak. mahmud belongs to the barisan raayat jati sarawak party.
Adenan satem was born in british borneo. he was the successor to abdul taib mahmud who lives in sarawak.
Abdulsalami abubakar served in the african union. abdulsalami abubakar is a member of the african union. abdulsalami abubakar is a member of the 1st battalion, the orange infantry.
Al-amin daggash is a found in the air force. al-amin daggash is a found in the country. al asad airbase is a found in fighter pilot.
Abel caballero was born in spain. he served as a monarch under francisco franco. he served as prime minister under felipe vi. the previous monarch preceded francisco franco.
Abel caballero was born in galicia, spain. he belong to the spanish socialist workers party.
He was a us national, who was born in new britain, new hampshire. he was born in new hampshire. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
Adam holloway was born in kent and attended magdalene college, cambridge. adam holloway fought in the iraq war. the united states air force fought in may 5, 2005.
Adam koci was a polish national who fought in the polish-swedish war. polish is the language spoken in the country and the leader was a commander in the polish-sorcean war.
Adam koc has died in st. louis. he fought in the polish-swedish war, which was part of the russian civil war and commanded by the leader of the country, josef stalin.
Adonis georgiadis was born in athens, greece. he served under the president of greece.
Adonis georgiadis was born in athens, greece. he served under the president of greece.
Adonis georgiadis was born in athens, greece. he served under the president of greece.
Agnes jant is a national of the netherlands, where the currency is the euro and the leader is the socialist party ( netherlands ). she is a member of the european parliament.
Agnes kant is a national of the netherlands, where the leader is marc rutte. agnes is a member of the socialist party.
Agnes kant is a national of the netherlands, where the leader is the socialist party ( netherlands ). the leader of the country is the socialist party. she is a member of the european parliament.
Agnes kant is a national of the netherlands. she is a member of the socialist party which is lead by mario botta. the netherlands has the colour brussels.
Airey neave was born in knightsbridge london and fought in the battle of france. he began june 30, 1953 and retired on march 30, 1979.
Airey neave was born in knightsbridge london and fought in the battle of france. he began march 4, 1974 and retired on march 30, 1979.
Chiang kai shek was a commander in world war ii where airey neave fight. he served in the british artillery which has a garrison at hohne.
Albert b. white was born in cleveland and william m. o was born in bloomington maryland. elliot see preceded william m. o. dawson and died in parkersburg.
Albert b. white was born in cleveland. joe ditka began his career on march 4, 1901. his career ended on march 4, 1905. the team was followed by the author william m. o. dawson.
Albert jennings fountain was born in new york where the french language speak. he fought in the american civil war where abraham lincoln was a commander.
Albert jennings fountain was born in new york and fought in the american civil war, where jefferson davis was a commander. he died in st louis.
Albert jennings fountain was born in new york in staten island and died in st louis in the united states.
Alberto teisaire died in brazil, where horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader. alberto teisaire died in buenos aires. alberto teisaire died in buenos aires.
Alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentine. he succeed by isaac rojas.
Alfred moore scales was born in reidsville, north carolina. he was a member of the democratic party ( united states ). he was a member of the house of representatives.
Alfred n. phillips was born in new hampshire. he served in the united states navy, which fought in the war of 1812.
Alfred n. phillips was born in new hampshire. he belong to the democratic party. he served under the president.
Alfred n. phillips was born in darien, new hampshire. he know as the democratic party of the us. he died in st louis. alfred n phillips died in entity-5. alfred n phillips died in entity-6.
Allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas. he belong to the democratic party ( united states ). he served under the president.
Allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas. he belong to the democratic party of the united states. the united states senate served under the president.
Burlington is the largest city in the state where alvah sabin is located in the 3rd congressional district.
Alvah sabin lived in the state of vermont, where the largest city is burlington. alvah belong to the whig party, where dan webster is the leader.
He was awarded the purple heart and fought in the battle of gettysburg, part of the american civil war where robert e lee was a commander.
Alberto teisaire is a national of argentina where the spanish language speak. jorge peron is a member of the labour party.
Alberto teisaire was born in the country. alberto teisaire was in office while juan perón been president. he served under the labour party ( argentina ).
The manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for 1 1 and 1. fc köln.
Rolando maran ( born in italy ) has been manager of ac chievo verona. he plays for both carrarese calcio and fc bari 1908.
Michele marcolini, born in italy, plays for ac chievo verona, torino and is manager of ac lumezzane.
A.e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is in athens and the club has 1500 members. their chairman is antonis milionis and they play in the league.
Afc blackpool ground is in blackpool, which is lead by the conservative party uk. the club is managed by stuart parker who played for stockport county fc.
Afc blackpool ground is in blackpool, where the leader is gordon marsden. the club is managed by stuart parker who played for stockport county fc.
The full name of afc fylde is association football club fylde'' and their ground is in warton fylde, lancashire they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season.
The full name of afc fylde is association football club fylde and their ground is bryning lane they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season.
The manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for inter juventus and maccabi tel aviv fc.
Aek athens fc has 69618 members and their ground is located in athens. they competed in the superleague greece and played in the 2014 season.
Afc ajax ( amateurs )'s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax. afc ajax nv is the owner of sportpark de toekomst and jong ajax is the tenant.
The nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is afc ajax and the full name of the club is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs amsterdamsche football club have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season.
The manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who plays for afc the and vitesse arnhem.
Agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league, of which vila nova futebol clube have been champions.
Agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil.
Agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil.
Akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school, akron, summit county, united states.
The ground of as gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the capital is rome sergio mattarella and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy.
The manager of 1. fc köln is peter stoger who plays for fc admira wacker modling fc wien and sk vorwärts steyr.
The awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001. the ganges is a river in india.
The acharya institute of technology's campus is located in bangalore, bangalore. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
The acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is lead by dr. g. p. prabhukumar. it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university.
All india council for technical education in mumbai is the location of the acharya institute of technology which offers tennis as a sport and is governed by the international tennis federation.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, alba county, romania. romania's capital is bucharest.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus, denmark. aarhus is governed by a magistrate and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
The awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala has 250 academic staff. the leader of kerala is kochi.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest, its anthem is deșteaptă-te, române and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. the capital of romania is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis.
Eric flint was born in burbank california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis. it was preceded by grantville gazette ii and grantville gazette iii.
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al, has 512 pages, is available as an e-book and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
The aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins, whose parent company is wolters kluwer. the journal is from the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
A fortress of grey ice was written by j.v. jones and published in hardback with the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
A loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in hardcover with the oclc number 49805501 and isbn number 1-56947-301-3.
English is spoken in great britain and is the language used in great britain. the book is published in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group.
A loyal character dancer is published by soho press, which is located in the united states. english is the language spoken in the us and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardback. it has 560 pages and the isbn number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta mathematica hungaria ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics. it has the issn number 0236-5294 and lccn number 83646315.
The acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontologica polonica ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology. it has the issn number 0567-7920 and lccn number 60040714.
Acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol, is published by the polish academy of sciences. it has the issn number pol and lccn number 60040714.
Cornell university in new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly. cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and land grant universities.
Cornell university in ithaca, new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly. cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
Aenir was written by garth nix, has 233 pages, is available in paperback and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
The english language is spoken in great britain and it was written in it but comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
The american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and was published by the johns hopkins university press in the united states, whose parent company is johns hopkins university.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ). the us includes many asian americans.
A wizard of mars is written in english, which is spoken in great britain. the book originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader.
A wizard of mars is written in english and published in the united states. the previous president of the country was barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken ( as in great britain ).
A severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader, english is the language spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Aarhus airport is located in tirstrup which is part of the central denmark region in denmark. the queen of denmark is margrethe ii and one of the languages spoken in denmark is danish.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located at madrid and is operated by enaire. the airport is the boeing c-17 globemaster iii metres above sea level and has a runway named estadio mayor which is the boeing c-17 globemaster iii long.
Agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag. the airport is 1 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 metres.
The united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has the icao location identifier of irak''. the runway name is al asad airbase's airport name and it has a length of 3990 metres.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in al anbar province, iraq. the icao location identifier of the airbase is and the runway name is 08/26 with a length of 3992.88 metres.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the 1986 bombing of libya. they deploy the lockheed ac 130 on their aircraft carriers, the boeing c-17 globemaster iii as a transport aircraft and the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon as a fighter aircraft.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom. they deploy the lockheed ac-130 on their aircraft carriers and the aircraft bomber on their aircraft carriers.
Alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88.0 metres above sea level. the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has the name 08/26 and a length of 1 km.
The pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore. the runway name is 18l/36r and is it long.
Operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority it is located in punjab pakistan and serves the city of lahore the runway name is 18r/36l and is 2900.0 long.
Alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena and is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, united states. it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 metres.
It is located in maple ridge township, serves the city of alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. the runway name is 7/25 and is it long.
It is located in wilson township, serves the city of alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. the runway name is 1/19 and is it long.
Alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena and is located in wilson township, alpena county, united states. it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 metres.
It is located in icolo e bengo, luanda and is 159 metres above sea level. the runway name is 05l/23r and is it long.
Athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece. alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece. greek is spoken in greece.
Athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece. alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece. greek is spoken in greece.
Atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city and is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states. the city's leader is don guardian.
Antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. the capital of belgium is brussels and their leaders are charles michel and philippe of belgium.
Atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, atlantic county, new jersey, united states. the airport's icao location identifier is kacy.
Adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac, new york, harrietstown, united states.
Adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake, essex county, harrietstown, new york, united states.
Agra airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter. the airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
Agra airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter. the airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is lead by ram naik.
Al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. fuad masum and haider al-abadi are leaders in iraq. arabic is spoken in iraq.
The band, the cars, performs ska. he is a member of the band, kid's imagine nation. the st. louis rams is a member of the band.
The band, jackson deer performs live. the band had a background as a rock band. the band is a member of the band the cult.
He is a black metal performer who began his career in 1995. he is a member of the band, lotus.
Sludge is sludge metal performed since 1995. he is a member of the band sludge.
Abradab was born on november 12, 1978 in katowice, poland. he is a member of the club kaliber.
Ace wilder was born on july 23, 1982 in denmark and is an american. his background is as a rock and roll.
Ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23, 1982 and is a songwriter. his background is as a rock band.
Ace wilder performs a rap style. it has a sub genre called gangsta rap. it is a mix of disco and funk. drum and bass is a derivative of that type of music.
Ace wilder was born in denmark. he is a performer of it, which has its and its. drum and bass is a derivative of that type of music.
Al anderson was born in windsor, new jersey. the band performs rock and roll. nrbq began 1966. joey defrancisco is a member of the band nrbq.
Country is a found in country rock. a country rock band is a found in country. dead mans plack is a found in country. a lead singer
Alan frow was born in coatbridge and is a musician. his background is as a lead.
Aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of srpska in 1972. she performs a pop/r&b style. her background is as a.
Aleksandra kova is a rhythm and blues singer. they performs r & b. it began 1990. she is a member of the group k2.
Alfred garth jones was a test pilot born in england in 1872 and died in london.
Alfred garth jones was born in mansfield and died in london in st. paul's hospital. london is lead via the european parliament and boris johnson is the leader.
Alfred garth jones was born in manchester, which is lead by the labour party. he died in london in sidcup, which is lead by the european parliament.
Alison odonnell is an irish native. she began her in 1963. she record with floating world. she is a member of the band flibbertigibbet.
Alison odonnell performs the style of jazz. funk is a derivative of that style. alison odonnell was found in london. she record with london. she is also record with stanyan.
Alison odonnell plays the saxophone and is a performer of the style. this is a style that was originated from america. steve marriott is a performer of the'ballet'. the cd alison odonnell puts on is a performer of elliot see. ent.
Alison odonnell plays the following instruments. she is a performer of the style of jazz, which has the african americans as its origin. afrobeat is a african fusion genre. rhythm and dance is a the international dance federation derivative.
Alan forrest was born in dothan, alabama. he performs acoustic guitar. his background is as a lead.
Anders osborne's is a rock musician. he began an american in 1989. he is an associate of the band u2.
Anders osborne performs the blues. it began 1989. he is an associate of the band the byrds.
Andra was born in campia turzii in 1986. she performs in the genre of dance-pop. she is a solo and is a reality tv judge.
Andra was born in romania in 1986. she is a rock and roll, perform rhythm and blues. she is a solo.
Andrew rayel performs trance. he is an associate of the band above the veil. trance is an style of trance.
Andrew rayel was born in chisinau, moldova. he performs trance. the band began 2009. he is an associate of the band armin van buuren.
Andrew rayel was born in chisinau, moldova. he performs trance. the band began 2009. he associate with the band, trance machine.
Andrew rayel performs trance. he plays a ukulele. he is associated with christian burns. he is also associated with jwaydan moyine.
The ramones began his career in 2003. he is a member of the band the white stripes. he is also record with the black emperor. it is also record with the bbc.
The american actor, actor, and writer, alan garner was born in fort campbell. he is a performer of it's, which has the characteristics of both disco and its. drum and bass is a derivative of that type of music.
Allen forrest was born in 1981. he is a performer of it's, which has its and its own language. drum and bass is a derivative of that type of music.
Alfred garth jones was born in mansfield which is lead by the labour party. he died in london in sidcup. the leader of london is the mayor of london.
Agustn barboza was born in asunción and died in paraguay. afara is the leader of the country where spanish is spoken and the mestizos are an ethnic group.
Andrew white is an alternative rock musician. his record with b-unique and polydor in london.
Andrew white performs an alternative rock show. it is a fusion of rock and hard rock. andrew white ( musician ) record with big machine in london. he record with the defunct, universal records.
Al anderson plays rock and is a member of the nrbq. country rock is a style of rock'n' roll and american is a style of rock and country. steve marriott is a guitarist in the band nrbq. the beatles is dt<form=.
Al anderson is a performer of the banjo & the wheel, which has the lead guitar as a instrument. country rock is a stylistic variation of the rock and country genres and country. it is a stylistic variation of banjo and country. it is a style variation of country and rock. joey badalus is a member of the black emperor. joey badalus is a genre of joey badalus.
The band, twilight, plays an elctric guitar. he is a member of the band, old man gloom. the band twilight are a band that play black metal.
Alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo, uruguay. the leader of the city is silvano aureoles conejo and the leader of the country is ral fernando sendic rodrguez, where the spanish language speak.
Alan bean is an us national born in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired.
Alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
William anders is an us national who was born in british hong kong. he was an member of the apollo 8 crew, operated by nasa and commanded by frank borman.
Buzz aldrin is an us national born in glen ridge new jersey on january 20, 1930. he was a fighter pilot and an crew member of apollo 11.
Buzz aldrin is an us national born in glen ridge new jersey. he was a fighter pilot and an crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
Buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 before he apollo 11.
Buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge, new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 mission apollo 11 along with backup pilot william anders. buzz aldrin is now a.
Buzz aldrin ( born on january 20, 1930 ) was a crew member of apollo 11 mission apollo 11 along with backup pilot william anders. buzz aldrin is now a retired.
He was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and died in california. dianne feinstein is a senator in the state where benitoite is a gemstone.
Alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire. he was awarded the distinguished service medal which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california.
William anders is an us national who was born in british hong kong. he was a fighter pilot and an crew member of apollo 8. he retired on september 1, 1969.
Jorge orosmán da silva is the manager of pearol where he played youth football. he plays for central espaol and us citta di palermo in the uruguayan superleague of football.
Aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow and the soviet union national football team. fc torpedo was managed by valery petrakov and died in st. louis. putin is the leader of the country.
Olympic lyonnais is located at the parc olympique lyonnais and their chairman is michel aulas. aleksandre is a member of the club fc karpaty lviv and plays for fc kolin, the manager of which is entity-7.
Alessio romagnoli plays for ac milan and u.c. ampdoria. ac milan is managed by silvano aureoles and play in serie a. romagnoli plays as a defender.
Alessio romagnoli plays for a.c. milan, managed by luciano spallino and chair by silvio berlusconi. he plays for both ac milan and u.c. ampdoria.
Abel hernandez played youth football for central espaol in the uruguayan superleague of football. he has been a player for u.s. citta di palermo, managed by giuseppe iachini, and plays for the uruguay national football team.
Fc spartak moscow is located at otkrytiye arena and their chairman is sergey rodionov. fc spartak moscow is part of the club and is managed by the manager gadzhi gudzhiyev.
The ground of fc terek grozny is located in grozny and their manager is he fc spartak moscow is part of the club fc spartak moscow and plays for fc kolin and their chairman is sergey rodionov.
Aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow and fc dynamo moscow. he is a member of the club fc terek grozny, their ground is in grozny and their manager is rashid rakhimov.
Aleksandr chumakov was born in the ussr and plays for fc torpedo moscow and the soviet union national football team. fc torpedo is managed by valery petrakov and played in the 2014-15 season.
Akeem adams plays for both ferencvarosi tc and united petrotrin fc. the manager of the latter club is thomas doll and the chairman is gábor kubatov. united petrotrin fc's ground is palo seco.
Palo seco is the home ground of their who have their as manager and thomas doll as chairman. he is a player in the hungarian football league and plays for akeem adams.
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states.
The construction of 250 delaware avenue in buffalo, new york began in january 2014 the national park service has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and has the architectural style of postmodern architecture.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel and the capital of the state is springfield.
Lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the faroese language speak. the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is currently tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc.
Bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc. it is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where greenlandic speak.
Lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the greenlandic language speak. the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is currently tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc.
Augustus pugin, born in bloomsbury, was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster. adare manor is located in the republic of ireland, whose leader is enda kenny.
Addis ababa city hall was built between 1961 and 1964, has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. the current tenants are the government of addis ababa.
Akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan and has 3 floors and the address 1-4-2 nakadori.
The akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan. the leader of japan is tar as and chinese people are an ethnic group there.
Alan b miller hall, designed by robert a m stern, is located in virginia and owned by the college of william and mary. the current tenants are the mason school of business in the united states.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedaba, gujarat, india. the leader of india is the president of india and the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly.
Ampara hospital is located in ampara district, eastern province, sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader. the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe.
Ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe, the capital is colombo and the governing body is the eastern provincial council.
Julia morgan, born in san francisco, was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds, the asilomar state beach, the los angeles examiner and hearst castle.
Julia morgan, born in san francisco, was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds, the asilomar state beach, the riverside art museum and hearst castle.
The asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, new netherland, united states. cyrus vance jr is a leader in the new york city council.
Birmingham, which has the b postcode, is lead by labour and the birmingham city council. it is the birthplace of the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, the capital of which is washington d.c and the leader is known as the president of the united states. two of the leaders are barack obama and john roberts.
The celestial body known as 19255 vk8 had the epoch date of december 31, 2006. it has a mass of 5.6 ( kilograms ) and a orbital period of 28.3 ( kilometres ). it has a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and a apoapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres.
James c. watson is an american who attended the university of michigan. he found 101 helena street on august 15, 1868. he died in st louis.
James c. watson was born in canada and attended the university of michigan. he was the discoverer of the celestial epoch, 101, helena. he died in madison wisconsin from a coma.
Walter baade was born in the german and attended the university of gottingen where allan sandage was a doctoral student. the germans found the celestial body known as 1036 ganymed'' and died in st louis.
Walter bade was born in the german empire and attended the university of gottingen. his doctoral students included allan sandage and halton arp. walter baade was the discoverer of the celestial nebula.
Walter baade is an us national born in sachsenhausen. he attended the university of gottingen and graduated with a ma. walter baade was the discoverer of the celestial nebula.
James c. watson is an american who attended the university of michigan. he was the discoverer of 103 hera on september 7, 1868. he died in st louis.
James c. watson is an american who attended the university of michigan. the american found 103 hera which has a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres. james craig watson died in st louis.
107 camilla had an epoch date of december 31, 2006 and an orbital period of 2368.05 ( kilometres ). it has an periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. it was found by nasa.
107 camilla had an epoch date of december 31, 2006 and an orbital period of 2368.05 ( kilometres ). it has an periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. it was found by nasa.
107 camilla had an epoch date of december 31, 2006 and an orbital period of 2368.05 ( kilometres ). it has an periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. it was found by astronomer.
N.r. pogson was a astronomer who was born in nottingham and died in st louis. pogson found 107 camilla. the celestial body has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
The celestial body known as 1189 tama, formerly called 1927 wb, had the epoch date of november 26, 2005. it has an orbital period of 1202.846 ( disects ) and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres. it has an escape velocity of 1927 wb.
1101 clematis had the epoch date december 31, 2006. it has a mass of 5.7 kg and a orbital period of 183309000.0. it has a apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres. it has a escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second.
11264 claudiomaccone had an epoch date of november 26, 2005 and an orbital period of 1513.722 ( days ). it has an periapsis of.296521000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000.0 kilometres. it has an temperature of 176 km.
Albany is part of the state of georgia, united states, where the leader is known as the president. the people of the united states are known as americans and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Atlanta is the largest city in fulton county where alpharetta is part of the state of georgia, u.s where native americans are an ethnic group.
Amarillo is in the united states where english is the language spoken and the capital is washington d.c. amarillo is part of potter county, texas.
Amarillo is located in the united states in potter county, texas. the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken in the state is english.
Potter county is located in the united states and is the location of amarillo. the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken english.
Fall creek township is part of anderson township and franklin county, fall creek township. fall creek township is part of the cumberland county in indiana. carrol county, maryland is part of franklin county, indiana. carrol township, maryland is part of franklin county, indiana. indiana is part of franklin county, indiana. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is part of indiana's franklin county. indiana's franklin county
Joe biden is the leader of antioch, san francisco, which is part of contra costa county in the san francisco bay area. english is spoken in that state.
Atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia. atlanta is a city in atlanta. atlanta is a city in atlanta. atlanta is a city in atlanta.
It is part of fountain county, indiana, united states and is 166.0 above sea level. it is located in the city of logan township, 4.14 square kilometres.
Alabama is in the united states, where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d.c. auburn is part of lee county, alabama, usa.
Auburn is part of king county and pierce county, washington. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in 77.41 square kilometers. 77.41 n.w is part of the 11th mississippi infantry monument. elliot see is part of the u.s.a. 77.41 ( miles is part of the 99th mississippi infantry monument. the nearest airport is located in the cascades. 77th street
Austin is the largest city in williamson county, austin, texas. english is spoken in that state.
Houston is the largest city in texas where the english language speak. austin is part of hays county in the state.
Houston is the largest city in texas where the spanish language speak. austin is part of hays county in the state.
Indiana is in the united states, english is the language spoken and the capital is the state capital. alexandria is part of madison county.
Houston is the largest city in texas where the spanish language speak. arlington is part of tarrant county, dallas.
Dallas is the largest city in tarrant county where arlington is part of texas, united states where the capital is austin.
The largest city in the united states is new york the capital is washington d.c and white americans are an ethnic group. mansfield is part of the atlantic region.
Albany is part of linn county in the united states, where the people are called americans. the capital of the us is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany is part of oregon in the united states, where the people are called americans. the capital of the country is washington dc and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Angola is part of steuben county in the united states. english is the language spoken in the united states, the people are known as americans and one of the ethnic groups is the african americans.
Auburn is in the united states, where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d.c. auburn is part of the state of alabama, alabama.
Auburn, a city, is part of lee county in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group. the county seat of lee county is opelika.
The largest city in new jersey is newark and the capital is atlantic city atlantic city is part of the state of new jersey in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
President barack obama is the leader of the us where english is the language speak. albuquerque is part of the state of new mexico.
Angola is part of steuben county in the united states. english is the language spoken in the united states, the people are known as americans and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Barack obama is the leader of the united states where the capital is washington dc and the african americans are an ethnic group. akron is part of summit county, ohio.
Albany is part of the united states, where the leader is known as they and has the title of the united states senator. the inhabitants of the us are known as americans and entity-6 are one of the ethnic groups.
Baymax was created by duncan rouleau and steven t. seagle, an american. baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars the actor alan tudyk.
Arem-arem is a dish found nationwide in indonesia. indonesia's leader is jusuf kalla, the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language is indonesian.
Asam pedas is a food found in sumatra, malaysia, where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a food found in sumatra, malaysia, where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian and malay are ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and is also found in malaysia, where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian and malay are ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia. abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia and malaysian indian and malay are ethnic groups in malaysia.
Bacon explosion comes from kansas city, united states. its main ingredients are sausage and bacon.
The bacon explosion comes from the united states where joe biden is a leader and the capital city is washington dc. english is the language spoken there and bacon sandwiches are one of the ethnic groups.
The bacon sandwich is popular in the uk and is a variation of the blt. it can also is known as a bacon muffin. the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread.
Baked alaska is from hong kong and france where french is spoken and gerard larcher and manuel valls are leaders.
Bandeja paisa includes lemons ( part of the rutaceae family and the order rosids ) and is from the antioquia department region of colombia.
Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, can is found in france, where french is spoken and françois hollande and gérard larcher are leaders.
Batagor, shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish and are popular in indonesia where joko widodo is the leader. peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay.
Batagor is a dish from indonesia where the leader is joko widodo. it is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake.
Batagor, shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish and are popular in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader. shiitake is a ingredient of shumai.
Bhajji ( also known as bhajji ) comes from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india. t. s. thakur is a leader in karnataka and vajubhai vala is a leader in india, where the people are called indians.
Bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india, where sumitra mahajan and t. s. thakur are leaders of the indian people.
Bionico is a dessert found in the guadalajara region of mexico and contains fruit, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, raisins and coconut.
Enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where spanish is spoken and bionico is a food. it is a dessert that can is by adding honey.
Bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico. the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and it can include honey.
Arrs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain. the leader of the country is carles puigdemont, the ethnic group are the spaniards and the leader is king felipe vi.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy, where the capital is rome and the language is italian. laura boldrini and matteo renzi are leaders in italy.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy, where the people are known as italians and the capital is rome. laura boldrini and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy, where the capital is rome and the language is italian. matteo renzi and pietro grasson are leaders in italy.
Ayam penyet is a dish from java where the javanese people are a ethnic group. it contains fried chicken and is a popular dish nationwide.
Ayam penyet is a food found in java and singapore. english is spoken in singapore and the leader is tony tan. the javanese people are a ethnic group from java.
Batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic and philippine spanish are both speak. ethnic groups there include the chinese filipino and the zamboangans.
Bionico is a food found in andalucia, spain. sergio mattarella is the leader of spain, spanish is the language spoken and olives are the ethnic group.
Ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia, spain. the leader of the region is susana diaz and the leader of spain is felipe vi, the people of spain are called spaniard.
Carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere who are the owner of the aidastella which is operated by aida cruises which is located in singapore. the aidastella was built by the company meyer werft.
The aidastella is operated by aida cruises. the aidastella is a 25.3 metres long and was built by meyer werft. it has a beam of 214 metres. it has a top speed of 37.892 km/h.
The alco rs-3 was built between may 1950 and american locomotive company. they has 12 cylinders and an a four-stroke engine. it is 17068.8 metres long.
The alco rs-3 was built between may 1950 and the american locomotive company. the rs-3 has 12 cylinders and a v12 engine. the rs-3 is 17068.8 metres long.
The alv x-1 was originated from the united states where the capital is washington d.c. the people of the united states are known as americans and the national anthem is the eagle. native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
The amc matador ( also known as the american motors matador ) is an a mid-size'' class car. it build in new zealand.
Alhambra is owned by p&p, which is located in london. the alhambra was built by samuda bros. it has a v8. it power type. it is 8 metres long.
The amc matador was made by american motors which has roy d. chapin jr as a key person. it sell to the general motors corporation. the company was followed by the eagle. wheelhorse is a subsidiary of american motors.
The length of the american submarine nr-1 is 45000.0 m the department of commerce gold medal has a beam of 3.8 m and a 4.6 m raft. the american launch on january 25, 1969 the department of commerce gold medal has a top speed of 8.034 km/h.
Apollo 12 was found in the united states and is a similar rocket to the antares. the antares launch from the international astronaut federation. it had a gyroscope. apollo 12 launch from apollo 12. the department of commerce gold medal had the international astronaut federation. the international astronaut federation
It was designed by the uzhnoye design office and has a diameter of 3.9 metres. it made october 28, 2014. it launch from july 13, 2014.
The antares was designed by the uzhnoye design office. the lockheed ac-130 made its first flight on october 28, 2014. it launch from september 18, 2013 and has a diameter of 240 metres.
The ariane 5 was made by airbus defence and space. it made its first flight on august 11, 2005 and has a diameter of 5.4 metres. the apollo 5 mission launch from the guiana space centre. the apollo 12 mission made december 18, 2009.
The guiana space centre is located in french guiana and is a part of arianespace which is the operator of the ela-3. the apollo 3 launch from this facility.
Aston martin is the manufacturer of the aston martin v8 which is a related type of transport to the aston martin dbs. it build at the newport pagnell plant. it has a 5.3 litre engine. the aston martin v8 was followed by the aston martin v8.
The aston martin v8 is a related car to the aston martin dbs and the aston martin rham/1. it was built at newport pagnell. it has a a coupe body style and a 5.3 engine.
Elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom. the country is the home of the aston martin v8 which is related to the aston martin dbs. the aston martin v8 was followed by the aston marten vi which is made by aston millar.
The audi a 1 is a supermini built in belgium. it is an a hatchback body style and has an 1.2 litre engine. it has an a layout.
The company, founded by johann schneider-ammann, has a division called the company lamborghini. it is the manufacturer of the a4 and the a5. it also has a subsidiary called lamborghini. the 125
Aidaluna is owned by aida cruises. it power by caterpillar, which was founded in california, united states and is located in peoria, illinois.
Aidaluna is owned by aida cruises which is located in rostock. the aidaluna power by caterpillar which was founded in the united states and has douglas r. oberhelman as a key person.
Aidaluna is owned by aida cruises. it power by caterpillar, which was founded in the united states and is located in peoria, illinois and has douglas r. oberhelman as a key person.
Costa crociere, located in genoa and parented by carnival corporation & plc, is the owner of the aidastella which is operated by aida cruises. the aidastella was built by the company meyer werft.
The icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built by arctech helsinki shipyard. it was built in the country, where the people are known as finns, the sami language are spoken and the leader is juha sipilä.
Joachim gauck is the leader of the german people where the capital city is berlin. rostock, a german city is the location of neptun wrft which built the apollo 14 mission.
Andreas vorkühle is the leader of the german people where the capital city is berlin. rostock, a german city is the location of neptun werft which built the a-rosa luna.
The bacon explosion was originated from the united states, where the capital is washington dc and english is the language speak. the inhabitants of the country are known as americans and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, seminary ridge, united states. it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
It is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county, pennsylvania. to the north of adams county is cumberland county, to the southeast is carroll county, maryland and to the southwest is frederick county.
The baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the turkish martyrs of baku and is located in azerbaijan. the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade.
The capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly azerbaijan is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the 1st baku turkish martyrs.
The ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul. the leader of turkey is president ahmet davutoglu.
Abdul taib mahmud was born on may 21, 1936 in miri, malaysia in the asajaya region. he resides in kuching.
Abdul taib mahmud was born in malaysia and resides in malaysia. he belong to the the malaysian peoples party party and graduated from the university of hong kong. he served as a member of the federal parliament. malaysia served as the
Adebola odebola is a found in africa. another is a found in the country. the 1st battalion is a found in character. character
Ezra efemez is a found in the war in benin. that is a found in the united states. may 29, 1999 is a found in the associated press. the associated press
He was a united states national born in new hampshire. he belong to the democratic party and died in entity-5.
Abraham a. ribicoff was an american politician born in new hampshire and died in new york city. he belong to the democratic party.
Abraham a. ribicoff was a us national who was born in new hampshire. he marry his second wife and died in new york. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
Adam holloway was born in the county of kent and attended magdalene college, cambridge. he served in the grenadier force.
Adam holloway was born in faversham, england and attended magdalene college, cambridge. the house of representatives belong to the conservative party. the house of representatives served as a member of may 5, 2005. the 11th infantry lived in st. louis.
Adonis georgiadis was born in athens, greece. he was born in the town of athens. adonis georgiadis died in crete. he died in crete. he died in greece. the athens general hospital died in entity-7. herodotus
Agnes jant is a national of the netherlands where the leader is marco rutte. roemer is a member of the socialist party and the democratic party ( netherlands ) leader.
Agnes jant lives in dosburg, netherlands. the house of representatives is the leader of the netherlands and khadija arib is the leader of france.
Agnes jant is a national of the country, netherlands, where the leader is the socialist party ( netherlands ). the leader of the netherlands is the socialist party ( netherlands ).
Albert b white was born on september 22, 1856 in 1856 and died in 1941 in parkersburg.
Albert b. white was born in cleveland and william m. o was born in bloomington maryland. elliot see preceded william m. o. dawson and died in parkersburg.
Albert b. white was born in cleveland. he had a wife called agnes ward white. he retired on march 4, 1905. the leader was preceded by president.
Albert b. white was born in cleveland, ohio. he belong to the democratic party. run for president began march 4, 1901. he ended march 4, 1901. the 1910 democratic national convention was preceded by march 4, 1905.
Horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where alberto teisaire die. teisaire served under the prime minister of buenos aires. he belong to the labour party. he has his as a wife.
Alberto teisaire was born on may 20, 1891 in mendoza, argentina. he was preceded by the leader isaac rojas.
Alfons gorbach was born in alpen ( state ) in the state of tirol. he belong to the austrian people's party and died in graz and styria.
Alfons gorbach was born in imst, austria. he belong to the austrian people's party and died in graz and st. louis.
Alvah sabin served in the 3rd district of the united states house of representatives, where the largest city is burlington. alvah retired on march 3, 1857 and died in st. louis.
Alvah sabin was born in georgia and served in the u.s. house of representatives. alvah is from the state of vermont, where the largest city is burlington. alvah died in st. louis.
Alfred moore scales was from the united states and fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war, where jefferson davis was a commander. native americans are a ethnic group in the united states.
Alfred moore scales was from the united states and fought in the siege of petersburg which was part of the american civil war, where jefferson davis was a commander. native americans are a ethnic group in the united states.
Alberto teisaire is a national of spain where spanish speak. the book alberto teisare is from mendoza. alberto teisare is a a mexican national. alberto teisare is a a fighter pilot national.
Ac lumezzane's ground is in italy and their manager is michele marcolini who is at fc bari 1908 and plays for vicenza calcio. italy's leader is sergio mattarella.
The labour party is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool is located. the club is managed by stuart parker who played for both chesterfield fc and stockport county fc.
As gubbio 1910's ground is located in italy and they play in the serie d league of which serie are champions. sergio mattarella is the leader of italy and the language spoken italian.
Gus poyet is the manager of aek athens fc who have their home ground at the olympic stadium in marousi. he played for chelsea fc and real zaragoza.
The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the people are known as italians the capital of the country is rome the leader is pietro grasson and the language spoken italian.
The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the people are known as italians the capital of the country is rome the official language is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella.
It in kuttikkattoor, kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. kerala has mahe, india to its northwest.
The acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli. its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students. the school is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university.
The acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is lead by b.m. reddy. the institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels. denmark is lead by lars lokke rasmussen lars lokke rasmussen.
It in kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. the largest city in india is mumbai.
Awh engineering college is located in kerala, india. the largest city in india is mumbai and the leader of kerala is kochi. the ganges is a river in india.
It in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus, which has a magistrate government and has mols to its northeast. the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels.
Virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette ii, grantville gazette and ring of fire ii which is written in english.
Cornell university is located in ithaca new york and their president is elizabeth garrett. the university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities and the association of public.
A loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states. english is the language spoken in the us and great britain. african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
A loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states. english is the language spoken in the us and great britain. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
A loyal character dancer is published by soho press, located in the united states. english is the language spoken in the united states and great britain. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
A severed wasp originates from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ). the capital city is washington d.c and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Above the veil was preceded by aenir, the novel castle and into battle, a novel by australians, followed by the secret scripture and entity-7.
It was written in english ( language of great britain ) and is from the united states. barack obama is the leader of the us and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
A severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken ( as in great britain ). the us includes many asian americans.
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and comes from the united states. the capital of the us is washington dc and the leader is barack obama. the us includes many asian americans.
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where barack obama is the leader. the people of the united states are known as americans, the capital city is washington dc and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A wizard of mars was published in the united states where the leader is known as the president. english is the language spoken in the united states and great britain. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
Alan bean is an american born in wheeler, texas on march 15, 1932. he was a test pilot and spent a mission in space. alan bean is now retired.
Alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california.
Bean ( born british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa. the commander of apollo 12 was david scott and the backup pilot was frank borman. william anders retired in alfred worden.
American buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge new jersey and graduated from the mit scd in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 to serve as a crew member on apollo 11.
Buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, nj and graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology in 1963. he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and had william anders as a backup pilot.
Buzz aldrin is an us national born in glen ridge new jersey. he was a fighter pilot and an crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa. william anders was an backup pilot on that mission.
Buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge new jersey. he graduated from the mit scd program. he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963. he was a crew member on apollo 11.
Apollo 14 was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. shepard died in california. dianne feinstein is a senator in the us, where amethyst is a gemstone and apollo 14 live.
William anders is an us national who was born in british hong kong. he graduated from afit and served as a fighter pilot and was an crew member of apollo 8. william anders retired on september 1, 1969.
William anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa along with backup pilot buzz aldrin and frank borman. william anders retired on september 1, 1969.
William anders, who graduated from afit in 1962, was a crew member of nasa's apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin and frank borman. william anders is now a retired.
Established in 2000 the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county seminary ridge the national park service the the national park service is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county, pennsylvania. to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county. to the southeast of adams county is carrol county maryland and to the southwest is frederick county, maryland.
The prime minister of azerbaijan designed the memorial is a red granite and white marble structure baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the turkish martyrs of the battle of baku. it is located in azerbaijan, the capital of which is baku.
The architects of the baku turkish martyrs memorial designed artur rasizade baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the turkish martyrs of the first world war. the native name of the martyrs is baku turkish martyrs'memorial and the prime minister is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
The 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on july 11, 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield, frederick county, maryland, united states and is categorised as a historic district.
It in mendrisio, ticino, switzerland was established in 1996. it has 100 academic staff and mario botta is dean.
The acharya institute of technology's campus is located in bangalore, karnataka, india. the institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
The acharya institute of technology's campus is located in bangalore, bangalore. it was established in 2000 and its president is b.m. reddy. reddy. it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels. the country is lead by the monarch lars lokke rasmussen and has the religion of the church of denmark.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels. its dean is thomas pallesen.
The awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala, india. the ganges is a river in india and the largest city is mumbai. the leader of kerala is kochi.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis. romanian anthem is deșteaptă-te, române and its patron saint is andrew the apostle. romania's ethnic group is the germans of romania.
It in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students and 737 academic staff. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
Alan bean is an us national born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he graduated from ut at austin in 1955 and became a test pilot and an crew member of apollo 12. alan bean is now retired.
Alan shepard was born on november 18, 1923 in new hampshire. shepard graduated from nwc in 1957. in 1957. he was a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1959. alan shepard died in california.
Alan bean is an us national born in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot and an crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa. david scott was the commander of apollo 12 and alfred worden was the backup pilot.
Buzz aldrin, also known as apollo 11, was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. apollo 11 graduated from us air force, served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 to become a crew member on apollo 11.
American buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, nj. he graduated from the nasa, served as a fighter pilot, was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 mins in space.
American buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from the nasa and was a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin won 20 awards and is now retired.
Buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11. buzz aldrin is now a retired fighter pilot.
Buzz aldrin is an us national who was born in glen ridge new jersey. he graduated from nasa and was an crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa. alfred worden was an backup pilot on william anders. william anders
William anders is an us national who was born on october 17, 1933 in british hong kong. he was a fighter pilot and an crew member of apollo 8. he retired on september 1, 1969.
William anders is an us national born in british hong kong. he was an crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa with buzz aldrin as its backup pilot. william retired on september 1, 1969.
William anders was born on october 17, 1933 in british hong kong. he was a test pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963. he was a crew member of apollo 8 and spent 12/27/2015 in space. william anders retired on september 1, 1969.
Ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the largest city is istanbul, the currency is the turkish lira and the capital city is ankara. the country is the location of the ataturk monument ankara which was inaugurated on the ataturk monument.
President ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the ataturk monument, designed in bronze by pietro canonica, was inaugurated on july 27, 1932.
The capital of turkey is ankara the largest city is istanbul the currency is the turkish lira and the leader is president ahmet davutoglu the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is the inauguration date of july 27, 1932.
The accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendriso, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 600 students. its dean is mario botta. switzerland's leader is johann schneider-ammann.
The acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india was established in 2000. its president is b.m. reddy and its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar. its motto is the visvesvaraya technological university''.
Karnataka has the arabian sea to its west and telangana to its northeast. it is the location of the acharya institute of technology in the city of bangalore. the city offers the mumbai international tennis conference which is governed by the narendra modi.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis klaus iohannis. romania's anthem is deșteaptă-te, române and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928. it has 737 academic staff and thomas pallesen as its dean. the school is affiliated with the european university association. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels. the country is lead by monarchy lars lokke rasmussen and has a magistrate government.
It in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students. its latin name is universitas aarhusiensis'' and its dean is thomas pallesen. the school is affiliated with the european university association.
