Abilene regional airport serves abilene.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
The runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 18l/36r.
Afonso pena international airport icao location identifier is the airport's.
Afonsa pena international airport serves curitiba.
Al-taqaddum air base serves fallujah.
The runway length of al-taqaddum air base is 3684.0.
The runway name of alderney airport is 14/32.
The runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360.12.
The 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol has the number 18.
The 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt.
The runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06/24 kaagbaan.
Andrews county airport is 973.0 above sea level.
Andrews county airport is owned by andrews county, texas.
The runway length of andrews county airport is 896.0.
The 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt.
Antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government.
The runway length of appleton international airport is 2390.0.
The runway length of ardmore airport in new zealand is 518 metres.
The icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa.
The runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11/29.
Atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority.
The runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13/31.
The dutch language is spoken in belgium.
Curitiba is part of the south region, brazil.
The people of denmark are called danels.
Fallujah is in iraq.
Greenville is in the united states.
Greenville is part of grand chute.
Arabic is spoken in iraq.
Madrid is in spain.
Maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is part of the united states.
The leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq.
The port authority of new york and new jersey serves the state of new jersey.
The largest city in texas is houston.
The united states air force fought in the 1986 bombing of libya.
The boeing c-17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force.
Alan bean is a united states national.
Buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8.
Buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology.
Buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11.
Buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone from california.
Elliot see died on february 28, 1966.
Elliot see has died in st. louis.
Elliot see is a politician.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa.
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of postmodern architecture.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
George winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building.
The building of 320 south boston building began in 1910.
Ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms.
George richard pain were the architects of adare manor.
Adisham hall is located in haputale.
Akita museum of art is located in japan.
Alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary.
The address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus.
Asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places.
Julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds.
The architecture style of asilomar conference grounds is arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows.
Asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913.
Asser levy public baths are located in new york city.
Buffalo is part of erie county.
Byron brown is the leader of buffalo, new york.
County limerick is part of munster.
Crona n dhálaigh is the leader of dublin.
Mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia.
The people of india are called indians.
The los angeles herald examiner building is a significant building by julia morgan.
Live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills, california.
Manhattan is part of new york.
New york city was part of new netherland.
Pacific grove is part of the state of california.
White south africans are an ethnic group in south africa.
Elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
The area code of albany, georgia is 229.
Albany oregon is part of the united states.
Mayor is the title of the leader of albuquerque, new mexico.
The new mexico house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque, new mexico.
The new mexico senate is the leader of albuquerque, new mexico.
The total area of amarillo, texas is 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo is part of randall county.
Anderson is part of richland township, madison county.
Angola, indiana is elevated 324 above sea level.
The area code of antioch, california is 925.
Antioch is part of contra costa county.
The population density of arlington, texas is 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Kasim reed is a leader in atlanta.
The total area of atlantic city, new jersey is 4.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic city is part of the state of new jersey.
Attica, indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn is part of lee county.
The total area of auburn, washington is 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of the state of texas.
Spanish is spoken in california.
Dunwoody is the largest city in dekalb county.
Fulton county is in the united states.
Anderson is the county seat of madison county, indiana.
Michigan is in the united states.
The largest city in michigan is detroit.
Orange county is in the united states.
The largest city in oregon is portland.
Fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county.
Barack obama is the leader of the united states.
The united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol.
April o'neal was created by kevin eastman.
Bananaman was broadcast by the bbc.
Ben urich full name is benjamin urich.
Bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
Bibbo bibbowski full name is bo bibbowski.
Bill oddie was born in lancashire.
Jon valor is also known as black pirate.
John buscema won the eisner award.
Karl kesel is an american.
Marv wolfman won the kirby award.
Peter laird is a united states national.
Scott adsit was born in northbrook.
Pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in arros negre.
Arros negre is from the catalonia region.
Arros negre is from the region of valencian community.
Ayam penyet is a dish from singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in a blt.
Baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong.
Bakewell pudding can is served both.
Bandeja pais is typical colombian cuisine.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the paisa region.
Barny cakes can is served in a dessert course.
Batagor is a variation of shumai.
Batagor main ingredients are fried fish, tofu, vegetables and peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in indonesia.
The alternative names for bhajji are bhaji and bajji.
Taro is an ingredient of binignit.
Cottage cheese can is added to bionico.
Bionico is a food found in jalisco.
Chicken is a bird.
The currency of india is the indian rupee.
Sumitra mahajan is a leader in india.
Indonesian is spoken in indonesia.
Aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco.
The banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java.
The malaysian malay are an ethnic group from malaysia.
The leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo.
Spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york.
Shumai is from china.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay.
Malays are an ethnic group in sumatra.
David cameron is a leader of the united kingdom.
The 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000.
Carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county, pennsylvania.
The leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade.
The leader of azerbaijan is called the prime minister.
The native name of baku turkish martyrs memorial is turkish ehitleri ant.
Rolando maran has been manager of a.c. chievo verona.
A.d. isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division.
The full name of afc blackpool is' association football club blackpool'''.
Afc blackpool ground is the mechanics.
Afc blackpool ground is in blackpool.
A.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio.
As gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
Aek athens fc ground is in athens.
Aek athens fc were in the football league ( greece ).
Azal arena is located in baku.
Azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league.
Az alkmaar play in the eredivisie.
Akron, ohio is in the united states.
Akron is located in summit county.
The full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault.
The leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan.
Christian panucci plays for chelsea fc.
Christian panucci plays for inter milan.
Frank de boer played for fc barcelona.
Gubbio is in the region of umbria.
Sergio mattarella is the leader of italy.
Jens härtel played for fc sachsen leipzig.
Jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas.
Luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio.
Massimo drag played for a.s.d.
Michele marcolini plays for atalanta bc.
Michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio.
Peter stoger plays for 1.
Rolando maran plays for f.c.
Jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst.
St. vincent-st. mary high school is located in the united states.
1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba.
The president of acharya institute of technology is b.m.
Mahe india is northwest of kerala.
Meride is a neighbouring municipality to mendrisio.
The capital of romania is bucharest.
The dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students.
The isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint.
1634 the ram rebellion is available in paperback.
The aids journal is from the united kingdom.
The oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317.
A glastonbury romance is available in hardcover.
A long long way is written in the english language.
The author of a wizard of mars is diane duane.
The issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025-5858.
Above the veil was written by garth nix.
Above the veil is available in paperback.
The issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567-7920.
The lccn number of addiction journal is 93645978.
The addiction journal comes under the academic discipline of addiction.
Aenir is written in the english language.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the english language.
The american journal of mathematics discipline is math.
The novel castle is written in english.
Eric flint was born in burbank.
Macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar, straus and giroux.
A glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys.
Soho press is located in the united states.
The secret scripture was published by faber and faber.
Asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
English is the language of the united states.
Weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance.
Aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s and has a runway length of 2777.0 metres.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 metres.
Agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh.
Al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
Al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada.
The surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon.
Alderney airport has a runway length of 887.0 metres and a 1st runway made of asphalt.
Allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
Allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam airport schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3800 metres.
Amsterdam airport schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt.
Amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 metres.
Amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston.
Angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800.0.
The runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597.0 and the 3rd runway is made of poaceae.
Ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 12467 feet.
Ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which has its headquarters in turkmenistan.
Atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, united states.
The port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has the runway name 4/22.
Atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia.
Alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 and is now retired.
Alan shepard was a test pilot who is now a test pilot.
Buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge new jersey on january 20, 1930.
Buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county.
William anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8.
William anders graduated from afit in 1962 and is now retired.
108 st georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988.
200 public square has 45 floors and is in the united states.
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is in chicago.
George winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building and is from the united states.
Hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located at east london.
Populous were the architects of the 3arena in dublin.
Marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen.
George richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862.
Adare manor is located in adare.
Addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
Adisham hall is in the tudor revival architectural style and is located in haputale.
Adisham hall is in the tudor revival architectural style and is located in sri lanka.
The akita museum of art is located in japan, where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
The akita museum of art has 3 floors and the address is 1-4-2 nakadori.
Amdavad ni gufa is located at opp. gujarat university, gujarat.
Ampara hospital is in eastern province, sri lanka, the leader of which is austin fernando.
Asser levy public baths are located in new york city, united states.
Asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which has the brooklyn borough.
Adare manor is located in county limerick, munster.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
Akron, ohio is in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
Albany is part of oregon where the capital is salem.
Albuquerque is in the united states and is lead by the united states house of representatives.
Amarillo is part of the state of texas in the united states.
Anaheim, california is lead by the united states house of representatives.
Anaheim is part of orange county in the united states.
Anderson is part of adams township, madison county in the united states.
Antioch, california is 13.0 km above sea level. it has a total area of 75.324 square km.
Arlington, texas is 184.0 meters above sea level. it has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington is part of the state of texas in the united states.
Atlanta is part of the state of georgia in the united states.
Atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county in the united states.
Atlantic city, new jersey is in the united states, the capital of which is washington d.c.
Atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county in the united states.
Atlantic city, new jersey is a city in 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. newark, new jersey is the capital of new jersey. new york is the largest city in 1421.2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ).
Auburn is part of pierce county in the united states.
Albany is part of the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
Amarillo is in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c.
Albuquerque, new mexico is in the united states, where african americans are an ethnic group.
Albany is part of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn, alabama is in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
Akron, ohio is in the united states where english is the language speak.
Albuquerque is in the united states, the leader of which is known as the president.
April o'neal was created by peter laird, a us national.
Jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc.
Graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv.
Tim brooke taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6, starring the same.
Baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6, starring scott adsit.
Steven t. seagle is the creator of the character baymax who appeared in the film big hero 6.
Ben urich, full name ben urich, was created by roger mckenzie.
Bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman.
Bibbo bibbowski ( full name : bo bibbowski ) was created by marv wolfman.
Tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which is from italy.
Arem-arem is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
Arrabbiata sauce can is found in italy where the italian language speak.
Arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy.
Arros negre is from the region of the valencian community in spain.
Asam pedas is a food found in indonesia and its main ingredients are squid and fried bananas.
Ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia.
Blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
The main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage.
Bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which can also is known as a bacon muffin.
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is an variation of the blt.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from france.
Baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader.
Meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from the united states.
A variation of the bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which includes fruit preserve.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which is an dish from indonesia.
Celery is part of the apiaceae family and is an ingredient in bakso.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa, a colombian dish.
Barny cakes can is found in france where claude bartolone is a leader.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is an dish from indonesia.
Batagor is a variation of siomay and contains peanut sauce.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is an popular dish in singapore.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia. the main ingredients of beef kway teow are beef tenderloin.
Bhajji comes from india where the people are called indians.
Bhajji comes from india where t s thakur is a leader.
Binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are a ethnic group.
The main ingredient of binignit is banana and the dish comes from the philippines.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes and banana.
Bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto.
Granola is an ingredient of bionico which is an food found in guadalajara.
Bionico and cake are desserts.
Bakso is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader.
Batagor is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake mushrooms.
The 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield, which has frederick maryland as its nearest city.
The baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the turkish martyrs of the battle of baku and is located in azerbaijan.
The baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the turkish martyrs of the battle of baku and is known locally as the turkish ehitleri ant.
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and were in the regionalliga.
A.c. chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is in verona.
Rolando marano, born in italy, is the manager of ac chievo verona.
Jorge humberto rodriguez has been manager of a d isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas.
A.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014-15 a epsth, greece.
The manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers fc.
The manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who plays for irlam town fc.
Afc fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in lancashire.
As gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in gubbio.
A.s. livorno calcio is in the serie b league and their ground is in livorno.
Christian panucci has been manager of a.s. livorno calcio and plays for a.s roma.
Paulo sousa has been manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus.
The full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s.p.a and it have 47290 members.
Aek athens f.c has 69618 members and its ground is in athens.
Aek athens fc is in the superleague of greece and their ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ).
Afc ajax ( amateur )'s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is tenanted by jon ajax.
Azal pfk ground is azal arena in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
They has 3000 members and were in the 2011 pdl season.
The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in a.s gubbio 1910 gubbio.
The ground of as gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
Luciano spalletti has been manager of as roma and plays for empoli fc.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university ( nickname uab ) is located in the state of alba.
Visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum is affiliated with the acharya institute of technology.
The acharya institute of technology in bangalore has b.m. reddy as its president.
All india council for technical education is located in mumbai.
Awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala, whose leader is kochi.
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and is available as an e-book.
Aip advances ( abbreviated to aip advances ) has the eissn number 2158.
A fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and was produced in great britain.
A fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
John cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance which was followed by weymouth sands.
A long long way was published in press & paperback with the oclc number 57392246.
A long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
A long long way was published by viking press, whose parent company is penguin random house.
A loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in china.
The isbn number of a severed wasp is 0-374-26131-8 and the oclc number is 8805735.
A severed wasp is available in hardcover with the oclc number 8805735.
A severed wasp is written in english, the language spoken in great britain.
A severed wasp is in the media type printed book and has the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
Abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science + business media which was founded by founder julius springer.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9. it is a fantasy novel.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9 and oclc number 78771100.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the evil librarians.
The american journal of mathematics, abbreviated to am. j. math, comes under the discipline of mathematics.
The american journal of mathematics is published by the johns hopkins university press, the parent company of which is johns hopkins university.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
A fortress of grey is from the united states where the capital is washington d.c.
A fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
A wizard of mars was published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
A wizard of mars was published in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group.
Aarhus lufthavn a/s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway name of'10r/28l' and a length of 2776.0 metres.
Adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake. its runway length is 3.0 km.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama, part of the community of madrid in spain.
Agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag.
The united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3992.88.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the 1986 bombing of libya and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle on their aircraft carriers.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle aircraft fighter.
Alderney is served by alderney airport which has a 1st runway made of poaceae and is 877.0 km long.
Allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority, whose headquarters are in karachi, pakistan.
Located in punjab, pakistan allama iqbal international airport has a runway name of 18l/36r and a runway length of 2900.0.
Alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, united states and is 210 metres above sea level.
Located in andrews county texas andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 773 km.
Located in andrews county texas andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0 km.
Andrews county airport is located in texas, where the capital is austin. the language spoken in texas is english.
Andrews county airport is located in texas, united states where the inhabitants are known as tejano.
Antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language speak.
Atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, atlantic county, united states.
Atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the state of new jersey and has its headquarters at four world trade center.
Atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, united states and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan, where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid, part of the community of madrid and led by ahora madrid.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid, spain, where the leader party is ahora madrid.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes, spain where the leader party is the peoples party.
Alan bean is an american born in wheeler, texas and is now retired.
Buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, united states, where joe biden is a leader.
American buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology and was selected by nasa in 1963.
American elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin.
Elliot graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st. louis.
Elliot see, who graduated from the university of texas at austin, died in st. louis where the leader is francis g. slay.
Elliot see died in st. louis, kingdom of france on february 28, 1966.
Alan shepard was born in new hampshire ( home of the purple finch bird ) and spent 13017.0 ( minutes ) in space.
John madin ( born in birmingham ) was the architect of 103 colmore row, london.
200 public square is located in cleveland, ohio,, where frank g jackson is a leader.
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres, and is located in the united states.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois, where rahm emanuel is a leader.
George winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building in the united states which has 22 floors.
Hok sve was the architect of 3arena, completed in december 2008 and located at north wall quay.
Ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is located in denmark and is tenanted by marriott international.
Ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 23 floors, was designed by the architects 3xn and has a tenant of marriott international.
Augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster.
Adare manor, designed by philip charles hardwick, was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus.
Adisham hall, designed in tudor and jacobean style, was completed in 1931 and is located in haputale.
Adisham hall, designed in tudor and jacobean style, was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka.
Adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, a country led by ranil wickremesinghe.
Adisham hall is located in sri lanka, where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
Alan b miller hall was built between 1927 and 1933 and is currently tenanted by united states the mason school of business.
Julia morgan, born in san francisco, was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum.
Julia morgan, born in california, was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and chinatown in san francisco.
Asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 27, 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 in avenue a manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on april 23, 1980.
Asser levy public baths, constructed in 1904, are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on april 23, 1980.
The architect of 103 colmore row was john madin who was born in birmingham which is lead by the conservative party.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham, which is lead by the liberal democrats.
Addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia, whose leader is hailemariam desalegn.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedaba, gujarat, where anandiben patel is a leader.
Bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda maryland and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen.
Albany is part of dougherty county in the united states, where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The leader of albuquerque, new mexico is the new mexico senate.
Alpharetta is part of fulton county in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta is part of the state of georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta, georgia is in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
No. 7 is a found in the state. it is a found in 77. -7 is a found in entity-5. 112
Anaheim, orange county is lead by the california state senate which is located in the california state capitol.
Anderson is part of the city of anderson in madison county, united states.
Angola is part of steuben county in the united states, where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Antioch is part of contra costa county, the san francisco bay area and is lead by the united states house of representatives.
Arlington is part of tarrant county, united states and the county seat is fort worth.
Atlanta is in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The united states is a found in 404. it is a found in the united states. atlanta is a found in entity-5. the united states
Newark is the largest city in atlantic city, atlantic city is part of the state of new jersey in the united states.
New york city is the largest city in the united states where the airport is part of the great lakes region.
Auburn is part of the lee county, lee county, united states.
Auburn is part of washington state in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c.
Auburn is part of washington state, united states, whose capital is olympia.
Albany is part of dougherty county, us state, where the capital is atlanta.
Anderson is the largest city in madison county where alexandria is also located in the united states.
Atlantic city is part of new jersey, united states, where the capital is trenton.
Houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken and arlington is a part of the state of texas.
Attica is part of fountain county in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c.
Attica is part of fountain county in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c.
Akron ohio is in the united states, where the capital is washington dc and english is the language speak.
Akron is part of summit county in the united states, where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany is part of benton county in the united states, where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albuquerque in new mexico is in the united states, where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany, georgia is in the united states, where english is the language spoken and african americans are an ethnic group.
Angola is in the united states, where english is the language spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and the frenchman, rene goscinny.
Tim brooke-taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on april 15, 1986.
Big hero 6, distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures, is the first film appearance for the character baymax and stars the actor scott adsit.
Disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and has baymax as a character.
Walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and has baymax as a character.
The comic character blockbuster, also known as the character, was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox.
The comic character bolt, also known as big bolt, was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn.
Bolt, also known as big bolt, was created by ernie colon and gary cohn.
Guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is from the lazio region of italy.
Arem-arem is a dish of javanese cuisine and its main ingredients are banana leaf.
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which is a member of the division of flowering plants and belongs to the solanaceae family.
Olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from the rome region of italy.
Tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from the rome region of italy.
Asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula, malaysia. the main ingredients are squid and pedas.
Asam pedas is a food found in malaysia, where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria.
Ayam penyet is a dish from indonesia and malaysia, where the malaysian chinese are a ethnic group.
The blt is a variation of a club sandwich and bacon sandwich and contains lettuce.
Bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the white americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d.c.
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is an variation of blt and club sandwich.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from the new york region and france.
Baked alaska is from france where the currency is the euro and the leader is manuel valls.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from the new york region of the united states.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska, which is a dessert, as is cookies.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales. the main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
Bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region. the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef is an ingredient in bakso which is an dish from indonesia.
Avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is an dish from the paisa region of colombia.
Hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is an dish from the paisa region of colombia.
Barny cakes can is found in france where the leaders are francois hollande and manuel valls.
Batchoy is a food found in the philippines and the main ingredients are vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a food found in the philippines and the main ingredients are vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a dish found indonesia and singapore, where tony tan is a leader.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is an dish from singapore and indonesia.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is an dish from malaysia and indonesia.
Bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan.
Banana is an ingredient of binignit, which is a dessert, as is a cookie.
Sago is an ingredient of binignit, which is a dessert, as is cookies.
Taro is an ingredient of binignit, which is a dessert, as is cookies.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes ( part of the order of solanales ) and banana.
Granola is an ingredient of bionico, a dessert, which comes from mexico.
Raisin is an ingredient of bionico which is an food found in the guadalajara region of mexico.
Bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy, where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasson.
Batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan.
Amatriciana sauce includes tomatoes which are from the solanaceae family and the order solanales.
The 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, united states, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
The 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg, adams county, which has carroll county, maryland to its southeast.
Baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial ( azerbaijan ) is located.
Baku turkish martyrs'memorial is located in azerbaijan, where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly.
The ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu.
The manager of 1 fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for 1. fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche.
The manager of a.c. cesena is massimo drago who played for both and a.s.d.
Associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a.c. lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro/a league.
The manager of a.d. isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for alianza f. c and the el salvador national football team.
A.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members, their chairman is antonis milionis and their ground is located in athens.
Association football club blackpool ( abbreviated to afc blackpool ) has 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool.
The manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who was at chesterfield fc and plays for runcorn fc halton.
The manager of afc fylde is dave challinor who plays for both colwyn bay fc and stockport county fc.
Livorno calcio s.p.a ( abbreviated to a.s. livorno calcio ) has 19238 members and their ground is located in livorno italy.
Christian panucci is the manager of as livorno calcio who are in the serie b league of which carpi fc 1909 are champions.
A.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for both chelsea fc and real madrid.
Aek athens fc ground is in athens and they are in the superleague greece, the champions of which are olympiacos fc.
The manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet who plays for chelsea fc and real madrid.
The ground of afc ajax ( amateur ) is located in amsterdam which is part of amsterdam-centrum and is lead by eberhard van der laan.
The ground of afc ajax ( amateur ) is located in amsterdam which is part of amsterdam-noord and is lead by eberhard van der laan.
John van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both and istanbulspor.
Agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
The manager of as roma is luciano spalletti who plays for empoli f.c and udinese calcio.
The manager of a.c. cesena is massimo drago who played for both a.s.d. licata 1931 and s.s. chieti calcio.
The manager of a.c. cesena is massimo drago who played for both a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925 and us castrovillari calcio.
The manager of a.c. cesena is massimo drago who played for both s.s. chieti calcio and us castrovillari calcio.
Awh engineering college in kerala, india has an academic staff of 250.
Acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university.
Awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is lead by kochi and has mahe, india to its northwest.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's anthem is deșteaptă-te, române and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. the leader of romania is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
It was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928.
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint, has 448 pages and is in hardcover.
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and is written in english, the language spoken in great britain.
Acm transactions on information systems was published by the association for computing machinery, headquartered in new york city, and led by the president.
The aids journal ( issn number 0269-9370 ) is part of the academic discipline of hiv and hiv/aids.
The aids ( journal ) is part of the academic discipline of hiv and aids. it has the issn number 1473-5571.
The editor of aip advances is a.t. charlie johnson who lives in the united states and attended stanford university.
A fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and has the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6 and oclc number 51969173.
A loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the isbn number 1-56947-301-3 and oclc number 49805501.
A loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states.
A severed wasp is from the united states and written in english, the language spoken in great britain.
The hardback book a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ) has the issn number 1865-8784 and lccn number 32024459.
The novel aenir, written in english, was followed by above the veil which is from australia.
Aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil which is written in english.
Above the veil by garth nix is available in hardcover and has 248 pages.
Acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol, has the issn number 0567-7920 and lccn number 60040714.
The addiction journal, abbreviated to addiction journal, comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360-0443.
The addiction journal ( issn number 965-2140 ) is published by wiley-blackwell, whose parent company is john wiley and sons.
Cornell university in new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities.
Aenir was written in english by garth nix and followed by above the veil.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english, the language spoken in great britain.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover, has 320 pages and the oclc number 78771100.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ).
John cowper powys was born in shirley, derbyshire, written a glastonbury romance and died in blaenau ffestinlog.
Sara mccune was the founder of sage publications which is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001-8392.
A severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d.c and the native americans are an ethnic group.
A wizard of mars was written in english and was published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
A wizard of mars was published in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the african americans are an ethnic group.
A fortress of grey is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and the native americans are an ethnic group.
Abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas and is 546 metres above sea level. the runway name is 17l/35r and it has a length of 2194.0 km.
Adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake. it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3.1 km.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama, san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire. the runway name is 18l/36r and it has a length of 3000 metres.
Agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force. the iata location identifier of the airport is agr and the icao location identifier is viag.
The united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq. the runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3990 metres.
The united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq. the runway name is 9r/27l and it has a length of 3990 metres.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada. they deploy the lockheed ac-130 on their aircraft carriers and the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle on their aircraft carriers.
The pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan. the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900.0.
It serves the city of amsterdam and is 3.3528 above sea level. the runway name is 9/27 buitenveldertbaan and is it long.
It serves the city of amsterdam and is 3.3528 above sea level. the runway name is 18l/36r aalsmeerbas and is it long.
Andrews county airport, which serves the city of andrews, texas is 973 metres metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0 km.
Andrews county airport is located in texas, united states. the capital of the state is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano.
Andrews county airport is located in texas, united states. the capital of the state is austin and the language spoken english.
Angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is located in colo e bengo, bengo province, angola.
Antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and owned by the flemish region. it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 60.0 km.
Ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines, whose headquarters are in ashgabat, turkmenistan and whose hub airport is turkmenbashi international airport.
Athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens. it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, united states. the airport serves the city of atlantic city which is lead by don guardian.
Atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, united states and is owned by the south jersey transportation authority which is lead by stephen dilts.
Antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. the leader of belgium is charles michel and the german language speak.
Antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium and one of the languages spoken in belgium is french.
Adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, essex county, harrietstown, new york, united states.
Al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. the leader of iraq is saddam hussein and one of the languages spoken in iraq is kurdish.
Al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. the leader of iraq is haider al-abadi and one of the languages spoken in iraq is kurdish.
Allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana.
The surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants is in the class monocotyledon and is in the order of commelinids.
Alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler, texas. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent a test pilot in space.
Alan shepherd was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
William anders was born in british hong kong which is represented by the chinese zodiac. he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman.
Buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, nj and graduated from the nasa. he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, nj, was a fighter pilot, joined nasa in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew.
Buzz aldrin ( born edwin eugene aldrin jr ) was a crew member of nasa apollo 11 and won 20 awards.
Alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california.
Alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator.
American ellit see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin. he died in st. louis.
William anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 to serve as a crew member on apollo 8.
103 colmore row in birmingham began construction in 1973 and was completed in 1976 with 23 floors.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, the capital of which is cape town, asian south africans and coloured people are ethnic groups.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, united states, whose governing body is cleveland city council.
250 delaware avenue in buffalo, new york has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million ( dollars ) to build.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, cook county, united states, where rahm emanuel is a leader.
300 north lasalle in illinois has 60 floors, a floor area of 120770.0 square metres and was completed in 2009.
Live nation entertainment is the owner of 3arena in dublin, leinster, republic of ireland.
The ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen has 23 floors, was designed by the architects 3xn and has a tenant of marriott international.
Adare manor is located in adare, county limerick, munster, which is governed by the limerick city and county council.
The akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan, where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
The akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan, where the filipinos are an ethnic group.
The akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan, where vietnamese people are an ethnic group.
The akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan, where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
The college of william and mary is the owner of alan b miller hall which was completed on 1st june 2009 at 101 ukrop way, williamsburg.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders.
Asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 and is located in pacific grove california. it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27, 1987 with 87000823.
Asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and are located in avenue a manhattan. they were added to the national register of historic places on april 23, 1980 with 80002709.
Asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of brooklyn and manhattan, where cyrus vance jr is a leader.
The asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, united states. the leader of manhattan is gale brewer.
Birmingham, which has the b postcode, is lead by andrew mitchell. the city is the birthplace of the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
Birmingham council, which has the b postcode, is lead by the uk labour party. it is the birthplace of the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india. the leader of gujarat is anandiben patel and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where narendra modi and t s thakur are leaders.
The akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan, where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom, the capital of which is london, led by the parliament of the united kingdom and elizabeth ii.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, where english is the language spoken and the leader is known as president of the united states and joe biden is a leader.
English is the language of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group. albany is located in georgia.
Gettysburg is a found in the state. the city is a found in the area. the city is a found in dead mans plack. dead mans plack
Alpharetta is part of fulton county in the state of georgia, united states. the county seat of fulton county is atlanta.
Amarillo is part of potter county in the united states. the capital of the us is washington dc and african americans are an ethnic group there.
Amarillo is located in the united states, potter county, texas, whose capital is austin.
The leader of anaheim is the california state assembly which is located in california state capitol anaheim is part of the state of california where spanish speak.
Anderson is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union and is located at 268 meters above sea level. anderson, indiana is located in the state of indiana. anderson is located in the central indiana region.
Angola is part of the larger community of pleasant township, steuben county, united states. it has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
-7 is a found in 102372. 75.324 square kilometres is a found in 925. -7 is a found in 102372. -7
The leader of atlantic city, new jersey is called the mayor.
Auburn is part of lee county, alabama, united states, where there is an ethnic group called asian americans.
Auburn is part of lee county, alabama, united states, where african americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn, washington is in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c. auburn is part of king county and is part of washington's eastern district.
Auburn, washington is in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c. auburn is part of king county, washington state.
Houston is the largest city in texas where austin is part of hays county and the county seat is dallas.
Anaheim is is lead by the california state assembly which is located in the california state capitol. california is a state where chinese speak.
Alpharetta is part of fulton county in the state of georgia, united states. the county seat of fulton county is atlanta.
Anderson is part of the greater lafayette area in madison county, united states. the capital of the state is indiana's.
Houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken and united states is a city.
Albany is part of benton county in the united states. the capital of the country is washington d.c and african americans are an ethnic group there.
The largest city in the united states is new york city and the capital is washington dc new jersey is part of the united states and is a part of atlantic city.
Albuquerque, new mexico is located in the united states, a country led by president barack obama. african americans are a ethnic group in the united states.
Albuquerque, new mexico is lead by the new mexico senate which is lead by john sánchez. the city is located in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany is part of benton county in the united states. the capital of the country is washington d.c and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Barack obama is the leader of albuquerque in new mexico in the united states. this country is home to the native americans.
English is the language of the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group. albany is part of the united states.
English is the language spoken in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans. angola is located in the state of indiana.
Angola is part of steuben county in the united states. english is the language spoken in the us and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which has its headquarters in broadcasting house, broadcasted bananaman and produces bbc radio.
Bananaman first aired on stv on october 3, 1983. it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling.
Baymax, created by duncan rouleau, an american, is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter.
Bolt, also known as big bolt, was created by ernie colon and gary cohn, an american.
Amatriciana is a sauce from the lazio region of italy. the main ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is from italy, where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasson and sergio mattarella.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arrs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain. the leader of catalonia is the parliament of catalonia and the spaniards are a ethnic group from spain.
Asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malaysia. the malay are a ethnic group from malaysia and bataks are a ethnic group from sumatra.
Asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malaysia. malays and minangkabau people are ethnic groups from sumatra.
Bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d.c. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d.c. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Ketchup can is added to a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk. the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and a bacon sandwich.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce it can also is known as a bacon sandwich.
Cookies and baked alaska are types of dessert. the latter dish comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
Baked alaska is from the regions of paris, new york or hong kong and the united states. the main ingredients are : meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
Baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and is popular in the us, china and hong kong. the main ingredients of baked alaska are the following.
Baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and the united states. the main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart, an variation of bakewell pudding, which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire.
Bakso is a traditional dish from indonesia and is popular in the country's. the main ingredients of bakso are beef and vegetables.
Bakso is a food found in indonesia and its main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia. the main ingredients are colombian.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia. the main ingredients are colombian.
Barny cakes can is found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are francois hollande and gérard larcher.
Batagor is a dish found in indonesia. it is a variation of siomay and shumai, which contains shiitake.
Batchoy originates from the region of la paz, iloilo city, philippines. the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles.
Batchoy is a soup found in the philippines. the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia. the main ingredients of beef kway teow are beef tenderloin.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in indonesia and malaysia. standard chinese is spoken in singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
Beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia. the main ingredients of beef kway teow are beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji, also known as bhajji, comes from the karnataka region of india and contains vegetables.
Bhajji ( also known as bhajji ) comes from the karnataka region. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
The main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order solanales.
Binignit is a dish from the region of visayas, philippines. its main ingredient is coconut milk and it also contains sago.
Bionico is a dessert that contains granola. it is from the jalisco region of mexico.
Bionico is a food found in guadalajara, mexico. the main ingredients of bionico are : chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo. a cookie is also a dessert.
Tapioca is an ingredient of bakso which is an dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is an leader.
Ayam penyet is a food found in java and singapore, where tony tan is a leader. baduy are a ethnic group from java.
Batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the ilocano and the zamboangans are ethnic groups.
Batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic speak. ethnic groups there include the igorot and the zamboangans.
A cookie is a dessert, as is binignit which is a dish from the philippines where english speak.
Sandesh is a dessert, as is binignit which is a dish from the philippines where english speak.
Established in 2000 the 11th mississippi infantry monument is a contributing property found in a united states.
Baku turkish martyrs'memorial is located in azerbaijan, the capital of which is baku and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade.
The baku turkish martyrs'memorial, which is dedicated to the martyrs of the turkish people, is located in azerbaijan, the capital of which is baku. the native name of the country is baku turkish martyrs memorial.
The 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on july 11, 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield, frederick county, the nearest city to which is frederick.
Ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara. the country is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which is made of bronze.
The ataturk monument, designed by pietro canonica, is located in izmir, turkey and was inaugurated on july 27, 1932. the leader of turkey is known as the president.
The manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for 1 1 and 1. fc köln.
Rolando maran ( born in italy ) has been manager of ac chievo verona. he plays for both carrarese calcio and fc bari 1908.
Michele marcolini, born in italy, plays for ac chievo verona, torino and is manager of ac lumezzane.
A.e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is in athens and the club has 1500 members. their chairman is antonis milionis and they play in the league.
Afc blackpool ground is in blackpool, which is lead by the conservative party uk. the club is managed by stuart parker who played for stockport county fc.
Afc blackpool ground is in blackpool, where the leader is gordon marsden. the club is managed by stuart parker who played for stockport county fc.
The full name of afc fylde is association football club fylde'' and their ground is in warton fylde, lancashire they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season.
The full name of afc fylde is association football club fylde and their ground is bryning lane they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season.
The manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for inter juventus and maccabi tel aviv fc.
Aek athens fc has 69618 members and their ground is located in athens. they competed in the superleague greece and played in the 2014 season.
Afc ajax ( amateurs )'s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax. afc ajax nv is the owner of sportpark de toekomst and jong ajax is the tenant.
The nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is afc ajax and the full name of the club is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs amsterdamsche football club have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season.
The manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who plays for afc the and vitesse arnhem.
Agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league, of which vila nova futebol clube have been champions.
Agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil.
Agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil.
Akron summit assault's ground is st. vincent-st. mary high school, akron, summit county, united states.
The ground of as gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the capital is rome sergio mattarella and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy.
The manager of 1. fc köln is peter stoger who plays for fc admira wacker modling fc wien and sk vorwärts steyr.
The awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001. the ganges is a river in india.
The acharya institute of technology's campus is located in bangalore, bangalore. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
The acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is lead by dr. g. p. prabhukumar. it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university.
All india council for technical education in mumbai is the location of the acharya institute of technology which offers tennis as a sport and is governed by the international tennis federation.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, alba county, romania. romania's capital is bucharest.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus, denmark. aarhus is governed by a magistrate and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
The awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, kerala has 250 academic staff. the leader of kerala is kochi.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest, its anthem is deșteaptă-te, române and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. the capital of romania is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis.
Eric flint was born in burbank california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis. it was preceded by grantville gazette ii and grantville gazette iii.
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al, has 512 pages, is available as an e-book and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
The aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins, whose parent company is wolters kluwer. the journal is from the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader.
A fortress of grey ice was written by j.v. jones and published in hardback with the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
A loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in hardcover with the oclc number 49805501 and isbn number 1-56947-301-3.
English is spoken in great britain and is the language used in great britain. the book is published in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group.
A loyal character dancer is published by soho press, which is located in the united states. english is the language spoken in the us and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardback. it has 560 pages and the isbn number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta mathematica hungaria ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics. it has the issn number 0236-5294 and lccn number 83646315.
The acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontologica polonica ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology. it has the issn number 0567-7920 and lccn number 60040714.
Acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol, is published by the polish academy of sciences. it has the issn number pol and lccn number 60040714.
Cornell university in new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly. cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and land grant universities.
Cornell university in ithaca, new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly. cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
Aenir was written by garth nix, has 233 pages, is available in paperback and has the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
The english language is spoken in great britain and it was written in it but comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
The american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and was published by the johns hopkins university press in the united states, whose parent company is johns hopkins university.
Alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ). the us includes many asian americans.
A wizard of mars is written in english, which is spoken in great britain. the book originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader.
A wizard of mars is written in english and published in the united states. the previous president of the country was barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken ( as in great britain ).
A severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader, english is the language spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Aarhus airport is located in tirstrup which is part of the central denmark region in denmark. the queen of denmark is margrethe ii and one of the languages spoken in denmark is danish.
Adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located at madrid and is operated by enaire. the airport is the boeing c-17 globemaster iii metres above sea level and has a runway named estadio mayor which is the boeing c-17 globemaster iii long.
Agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag. the airport is 1 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 metres.
The united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has the icao location identifier of irak''. the runway name is al asad airbase's airport name and it has a length of 3990 metres.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in al anbar province, iraq. the icao location identifier of the airbase is and the runway name is 08/26 with a length of 3992.88 metres.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the 1986 bombing of libya. they deploy the lockheed ac 130 on their aircraft carriers, the boeing c-17 globemaster iii as a transport aircraft and the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon as a fighter aircraft.
Al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom. they deploy the lockheed ac-130 on their aircraft carriers and the aircraft bomber on their aircraft carriers.
Alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88.0 metres above sea level. the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has the name 08/26 and a length of 1 km.
The pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore. the runway name is 18l/36r and is it long.
Operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority it is located in punjab pakistan and serves the city of lahore the runway name is 18r/36l and is 2900.0 long.
Alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena and is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, united states. it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 metres.
It is located in maple ridge township, serves the city of alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. the runway name is 7/25 and is it long.
It is located in wilson township, serves the city of alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. the runway name is 1/19 and is it long.
Alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena and is located in wilson township, alpena county, united states. it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 metres.
It is located in icolo e bengo, luanda and is 159 metres above sea level. the runway name is 05l/23r and is it long.
Athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece. alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece. greek is spoken in greece.
Athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece. alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece. greek is spoken in greece.
Atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city and is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states. the city's leader is don guardian.
Antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. the capital of belgium is brussels and their leaders are charles michel and philippe of belgium.
Atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, atlantic county, new jersey, united states. the airport's icao location identifier is kacy.
Adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac, new york, harrietstown, united states.
Adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake, essex county, harrietstown, new york, united states.
Agra airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter. the airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand.
Agra airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter. the airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is lead by ram naik.
Al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. fuad masum and haider al-abadi are leaders in iraq. arabic is spoken in iraq.
Alan bean is an us national born in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired.
Alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
William anders is an us national who was born in british hong kong. he was an member of the apollo 8 crew, operated by nasa and commanded by frank borman.
Buzz aldrin is an us national born in glen ridge new jersey on january 20, 1930. he was a fighter pilot and an crew member of apollo 11.
Buzz aldrin is an us national born in glen ridge new jersey. he was a fighter pilot and an crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
Buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 before he apollo 11.
Buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge, new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 mission apollo 11 along with backup pilot william anders. buzz aldrin is now a.
Buzz aldrin ( born on january 20, 1930 ) was a crew member of apollo 11 mission apollo 11 along with backup pilot william anders. buzz aldrin is now a retired.
He was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and died in california. dianne feinstein is a senator in the state where benitoite is a gemstone.
Alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire. he was awarded the distinguished service medal which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california.
William anders is an us national who was born in british hong kong. he was a fighter pilot and an crew member of apollo 8. he retired on september 1, 1969.
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states.
The construction of 250 delaware avenue in buffalo, new york began in january 2014 the national park service has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and has the architectural style of postmodern architecture.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel and the capital of the state is springfield.
Lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the faroese language speak. the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is currently tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc.
Bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc. it is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where greenlandic speak.
Lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the greenlandic language speak. the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is currently tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc.
Augustus pugin, born in bloomsbury, was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster. adare manor is located in the republic of ireland, whose leader is enda kenny.
Addis ababa city hall was built between 1961 and 1964, has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. the current tenants are the government of addis ababa.
Akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan and has 3 floors and the address 1-4-2 nakadori.
The akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan. the leader of japan is tar as and chinese people are an ethnic group there.
Alan b miller hall, designed by robert a m stern, is located in virginia and owned by the college of william and mary. the current tenants are the mason school of business in the united states.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedaba, gujarat, india. the leader of india is the president of india and the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly.
Ampara hospital is located in ampara district, eastern province, sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader. the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe.
Ampara hospital is located in the eastern province, sri lanka, where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe, the capital is colombo and the governing body is the eastern provincial council.
Julia morgan, born in san francisco, was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds, the asilomar state beach, the los angeles examiner and hearst castle.
Julia morgan, born in san francisco, was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds, the asilomar state beach, the riverside art museum and hearst castle.
The asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, new netherland, united states. cyrus vance jr is a leader in the new york city council.
Birmingham, which has the b postcode, is lead by labour and the birmingham city council. it is the birthplace of the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, the capital of which is washington d.c and the leader is known as the president of the united states. two of the leaders are barack obama and john roberts.
Albany is part of the state of georgia, united states, where the leader is known as the president. the people of the united states are known as americans and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Atlanta is the largest city in fulton county where alpharetta is part of the state of georgia, u.s where native americans are an ethnic group.
Amarillo is in the united states where english is the language spoken and the capital is washington d.c. amarillo is part of potter county, texas.
Amarillo is located in the united states in potter county, texas. the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken in the state is english.
Potter county is located in the united states and is the location of amarillo. the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken english.
Fall creek township is part of anderson township and franklin county, fall creek township. fall creek township is part of the cumberland county in indiana. carrol county, maryland is part of franklin county, indiana. carrol township, maryland is part of franklin county, indiana. indiana is part of franklin county, indiana. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is part of indiana's franklin county. indiana's franklin county
Joe biden is the leader of antioch, san francisco, which is part of contra costa county in the san francisco bay area. english is spoken in that state.
Atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia. atlanta is a city in atlanta. atlanta is a city in atlanta. atlanta is a city in atlanta.
It is part of fountain county, indiana, united states and is 166.0 above sea level. it is located in the city of logan township, 4.14 square kilometres.
Alabama is in the united states, where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d.c. auburn is part of lee county, alabama, usa.
Auburn is part of king county and pierce county, washington. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in 77.41 square kilometers. 77.41 n.w is part of the 11th mississippi infantry monument. elliot see is part of the u.s.a. 77.41 ( miles is part of the 99th mississippi infantry monument. the nearest airport is located in the cascades. 77th street
Austin is the largest city in williamson county, austin, texas. english is spoken in that state.
Houston is the largest city in texas where the english language speak. austin is part of hays county in the state.
Houston is the largest city in texas where the spanish language speak. austin is part of hays county in the state.
Indiana is in the united states, english is the language spoken and the capital is the state capital. alexandria is part of madison county.
Houston is the largest city in texas where the spanish language speak. arlington is part of tarrant county, dallas.
Dallas is the largest city in tarrant county where arlington is part of texas, united states where the capital is austin.
The largest city in the united states is new york the capital is washington d.c and white americans are an ethnic group. mansfield is part of the atlantic region.
Albany is part of linn county in the united states, where the people are called americans. the capital of the us is washington dc and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany is part of oregon in the united states, where the people are called americans. the capital of the country is washington dc and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Angola is part of steuben county in the united states. english is the language spoken in the united states, the people are known as americans and one of the ethnic groups is the african americans.
Auburn is in the united states, where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d.c. auburn is part of the state of alabama, alabama.
Auburn, a city, is part of lee county in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group. the county seat of lee county is opelika.
The largest city in new jersey is newark and the capital is atlantic city atlantic city is part of the state of new jersey in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group.
President barack obama is the leader of the us where english is the language speak. albuquerque is part of the state of new mexico.
Angola is part of steuben county in the united states. english is the language spoken in the united states, the people are known as americans and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Barack obama is the leader of the united states where the capital is washington dc and the african americans are an ethnic group. akron is part of summit county, ohio.
Albany is part of the united states, where the leader is known as they and has the title of the united states senator. the inhabitants of the us are known as americans and entity-6 are one of the ethnic groups.
Baymax was created by duncan rouleau and steven t. seagle, an american. baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars the actor alan tudyk.
Arem-arem is a dish found nationwide in indonesia. indonesia's leader is jusuf kalla, the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language is indonesian.
Asam pedas is a food found in sumatra, malaysia, where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a food found in sumatra, malaysia, where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian and malay are ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and is also found in malaysia, where the capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian and malay are ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula of malaysia. abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia and malaysian indian and malay are ethnic groups in malaysia.
Bacon explosion comes from kansas city, united states. its main ingredients are sausage and bacon.
The bacon explosion comes from the united states where joe biden is a leader and the capital city is washington dc. english is the language spoken there and bacon sandwiches are one of the ethnic groups.
The bacon sandwich is popular in the uk and is a variation of the blt. it can also is known as a bacon muffin. the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread.
Baked alaska is from hong kong and france where french is spoken and gerard larcher and manuel valls are leaders.
Bandeja paisa includes lemons ( part of the rutaceae family and the order rosids ) and is from the antioquia department region of colombia.
Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, can is found in france, where french is spoken and françois hollande and gérard larcher are leaders.
Batagor, shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish and are popular in indonesia where joko widodo is the leader. peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay.
Batagor is a dish from indonesia where the leader is joko widodo. it is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake.
Batagor, shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish and are popular in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader. shiitake is a ingredient of shumai.
Bhajji ( also known as bhajji ) comes from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india. t. s. thakur is a leader in karnataka and vajubhai vala is a leader in india, where the people are called indians.
Bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india, where sumitra mahajan and t. s. thakur are leaders of the indian people.
Bionico is a dessert found in the guadalajara region of mexico and contains fruit, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, raisins and coconut.
Enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where spanish is spoken and bionico is a food. it is a dessert that can is by adding honey.
Bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico. the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and it can include honey.
Arrs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain. the leader of the country is carles puigdemont, the ethnic group are the spaniards and the leader is king felipe vi.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy, where the capital is rome and the language is italian. laura boldrini and matteo renzi are leaders in italy.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy, where the people are known as italians and the capital is rome. laura boldrini and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy, where the capital is rome and the language is italian. matteo renzi and pietro grasson are leaders in italy.
Ayam penyet is a dish from java where the javanese people are a ethnic group. it contains fried chicken and is a popular dish nationwide.
Ayam penyet is a food found in java and singapore. english is spoken in singapore and the leader is tony tan. the javanese people are a ethnic group from java.
Batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic and philippine spanish are both speak. ethnic groups there include the chinese filipino and the zamboangans.
Bionico is a food found in andalucia, spain. sergio mattarella is the leader of spain, spanish is the language spoken and olives are the ethnic group.
Ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia, spain. the leader of the region is susana diaz and the leader of spain is felipe vi, the people of spain are called spaniard.
The 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, seminary ridge, united states. it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
It is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county, pennsylvania. to the north of adams county is cumberland county, to the southeast is carroll county, maryland and to the southwest is frederick county.
The baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the turkish martyrs of baku and is located in azerbaijan. the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade.
The capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly azerbaijan is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the 1st baku turkish martyrs.
The ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in izmir, turkey, where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul. the leader of turkey is president ahmet davutoglu.
Ac lumezzane's ground is in italy and their manager is michele marcolini who is at fc bari 1908 and plays for vicenza calcio. italy's leader is sergio mattarella.
The labour party is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool is located. the club is managed by stuart parker who played for both chesterfield fc and stockport county fc.
As gubbio 1910's ground is located in italy and they play in the serie d league of which serie are champions. sergio mattarella is the leader of italy and the language spoken italian.
Gus poyet is the manager of aek athens fc who have their home ground at the olympic stadium in marousi. he played for chelsea fc and real zaragoza.
The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the people are known as italians the capital of the country is rome the leader is pietro grasson and the language spoken italian.
The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the people are known as italians the capital of the country is rome the official language is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella.
It in kuttikkattoor, kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. kerala has mahe, india to its northwest.
The acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli. its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students. the school is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university.
The acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is lead by b.m. reddy. the institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels. denmark is lead by lars lokke rasmussen lars lokke rasmussen.
It in kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. the largest city in india is mumbai.
Awh engineering college is located in kerala, india. the largest city in india is mumbai and the leader of kerala is kochi. the ganges is a river in india.
It in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus, which has a magistrate government and has mols to its northeast. the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels.
Virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette ii, grantville gazette and ring of fire ii which is written in english.
Cornell university is located in ithaca new york and their president is elizabeth garrett. the university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities and the association of public.
A loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states. english is the language spoken in the us and great britain. african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
A loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states. english is the language spoken in the us and great britain. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
A loyal character dancer is published by soho press, located in the united states. english is the language spoken in the united states and great britain. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
A severed wasp originates from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ). the capital city is washington d.c and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Above the veil was preceded by aenir, the novel castle and into battle, a novel by australians, followed by the secret scripture and entity-7.
It was written in english ( language of great britain ) and is from the united states. barack obama is the leader of the us and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
A severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken ( as in great britain ). the us includes many asian americans.
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and comes from the united states. the capital of the us is washington dc and the leader is barack obama. the us includes many asian americans.
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where barack obama is the leader. the people of the united states are known as americans, the capital city is washington dc and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A wizard of mars was published in the united states where the leader is known as the president. english is the language spoken in the united states and great britain. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
Alan bean is an american born in wheeler, texas on march 15, 1932. he was a test pilot and spent a mission in space. alan bean is now retired.
Alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california.
Bean ( born british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa. the commander of apollo 12 was david scott and the backup pilot was frank borman. william anders retired in alfred worden.
American buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge new jersey and graduated from the mit scd in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 to serve as a crew member on apollo 11.
Buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, nj and graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology in 1963. he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and had william anders as a backup pilot.
Buzz aldrin is an us national born in glen ridge new jersey. he was a fighter pilot and an crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa. william anders was an backup pilot on that mission.
Buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge new jersey. he graduated from the mit scd program. he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963. he was a crew member on apollo 11.
Apollo 14 was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. shepard died in california. dianne feinstein is a senator in the us, where amethyst is a gemstone and apollo 14 live.
William anders is an us national who was born in british hong kong. he graduated from afit and served as a fighter pilot and was an crew member of apollo 8. william anders retired on september 1, 1969.
William anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa along with backup pilot buzz aldrin and frank borman. william anders retired on september 1, 1969.
William anders, who graduated from afit in 1962, was a crew member of nasa's apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin and frank borman. william anders is now a retired.
Established in 2000 the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county seminary ridge the national park service the the national park service is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county, pennsylvania. to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county. to the southeast of adams county is carrol county maryland and to the southwest is frederick county, maryland.
The prime minister of azerbaijan designed the memorial is a red granite and white marble structure baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the turkish martyrs of the battle of baku. it is located in azerbaijan, the capital of which is baku.
The architects of the baku turkish martyrs memorial designed artur rasizade baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the turkish martyrs of the first world war. the native name of the martyrs is baku turkish martyrs'memorial and the prime minister is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
The 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on july 11, 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield, frederick county, maryland, united states and is categorised as a historic district.
It in mendrisio, ticino, switzerland was established in 1996. it has 100 academic staff and mario botta is dean.
The acharya institute of technology's campus is located in bangalore, karnataka, india. the institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
The acharya institute of technology's campus is located in bangalore, bangalore. it was established in 2000 and its president is b.m. reddy. reddy. it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels. the country is lead by the monarch lars lokke rasmussen and has the religion of the church of denmark.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels. its dean is thomas pallesen.
The awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala, india. the ganges is a river in india and the largest city is mumbai. the leader of kerala is kochi.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis. romanian anthem is deșteaptă-te, române and its patron saint is andrew the apostle. romania's ethnic group is the germans of romania.
It in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students and 737 academic staff. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
Alan bean is an us national born on march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. he graduated from ut at austin in 1955 and became a test pilot and an crew member of apollo 12. alan bean is now retired.
Alan shepard was born on november 18, 1923 in new hampshire. shepard graduated from nwc in 1957. in 1957. he was a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1959. alan shepard died in california.
Alan bean is an us national born in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot and an crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa. david scott was the commander of apollo 12 and alfred worden was the backup pilot.
Buzz aldrin, also known as apollo 11, was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. apollo 11 graduated from us air force, served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 to become a crew member on apollo 11.
American buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, nj. he graduated from the nasa, served as a fighter pilot, was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 mins in space.
American buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from the nasa and was a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin won 20 awards and is now retired.
Buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11. buzz aldrin is now a retired fighter pilot.
Buzz aldrin is an us national who was born in glen ridge new jersey. he graduated from nasa and was an crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa. alfred worden was an backup pilot on william anders. william anders
William anders is an us national who was born on october 17, 1933 in british hong kong. he was a fighter pilot and an crew member of apollo 8. he retired on september 1, 1969.
William anders is an us national born in british hong kong. he was an crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa with buzz aldrin as its backup pilot. william retired on september 1, 1969.
William anders was born on october 17, 1933 in british hong kong. he was a test pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963. he was a crew member of apollo 8 and spent 12/27/2015 in space. william anders retired on september 1, 1969.
Ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the largest city is istanbul, the currency is the turkish lira and the capital city is ankara. the country is the location of the ataturk monument ankara which was inaugurated on the ataturk monument.
President ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the ataturk monument, designed in bronze by pietro canonica, was inaugurated on july 27, 1932.
The capital of turkey is ankara the largest city is istanbul the currency is the turkish lira and the leader is president ahmet davutoglu the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is the inauguration date of july 27, 1932.
The accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendriso, switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 600 students. its dean is mario botta. switzerland's leader is johann schneider-ammann.
The acharya institute of technology in bangalore, karnataka, india was established in 2000. its president is b.m. reddy and its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar. its motto is the visvesvaraya technological university''.
Karnataka has the arabian sea to its west and telangana to its northeast. it is the location of the acharya institute of technology in the city of bangalore. the city offers the mumbai international tennis conference which is governed by the narendra modi.
The 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. romania's capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis klaus iohannis. romania's anthem is deșteaptă-te, române and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928. it has 737 academic staff and thomas pallesen as its dean. the school is affiliated with the european university association. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
The school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels. the country is lead by monarchy lars lokke rasmussen and has a magistrate government.
It in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students. its latin name is universitas aarhusiensis'' and its dean is thomas pallesen. the school is affiliated with the european university association.
