Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 18L/36R.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
14/32 is the runway name of Alderney Airport.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's 1st runway has the number 18.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.0.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made of asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 11/29.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport.
Dutch is the language of Belgium.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Danes is the name given to people from Denmark.
Fallujah is in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Arabic is spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the region of New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States Air Force fought in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force.
Alan Bean is a United States national.
Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot of Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is deceased.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
250 Delaware Avenue has the Postmodern style of architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building was George Winckler.
The building of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects of Adare Manor.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are designed based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows ".
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
Buffalo is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Crona N Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.
Indian people inhabit India.
Julia Morgan is the architect of the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City was part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove is part of California.
White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The area code for Albany, Georgia is 229.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is called the Mayor.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is elevated 324 metres above sea level.
Antioch, California has the area code 925.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The leader of Atlanta is Kasim Reed.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama.
The total area of Auburn, Washington is 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Texas.
Spanish is spoken in California.
Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is located within the United States.
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is in the United States.
The largest city in Michigan is Detroit.
Orange County, California is located within the United States.
The largest city in Oregon is Portland.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC.
The full name of Ben Urich is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski is the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
The Black Pirate's alternative name is Jon Valor.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is a United States national.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arros negre.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT.
Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region.
Barny cakes have a serving size of 30 g.
Batagor and Shumai are variations of the same dish.
Batagor's main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Indonesia.
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji.
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit.
Bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese.
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco.
Chicken is classed as a bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia.
Aristóteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java.
The Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish is one of the languages spoken in New York.
Shumai is from China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay.
Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The leader of Azerbaijan is called the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is " Association Football Club Blackpool ".
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens FC played the 2014-15 season in the Football League ( Greece ).
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played the 2014-15 season in the Eredivisie.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
Akron is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is " Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault ".
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea F.C.
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is in the region of Umbria.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Jens Härtel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta BC.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger plays for 1. FC Köln.
Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Jong Ajax is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the state of Alba.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology.
Kerala has to its northwest Mahe, India.
Meride is a neighbouring municipality to Mendrisio.
The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is available in print form.
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom.
A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way is written in English.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025-5858.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil is available in print.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ISSN number is 0567-7920.
Addiction journal has the LCCN number 93645978.
Addiction journal comes under the academic discipline of addiction.
Aenir is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The American Journal of Mathematics discipline is Math.
The novel Castle is written in English.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
A Glastonbury Romance is a notable work by John Cowper Powys.
Soho Press is located in the United States.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2777.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is elevated 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where the language is Arabic.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the class Monocotyledon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3800 metres.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, is 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and has a runway length of 3800.0.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 12467 feet.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines which has its headquarters in Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has the runway name 4/22.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport which has a runway length of 3048.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
Alan Bean ( born on 1932-03-15 ) is now retired.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who is deceased.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders, born in British Hong Kong, was a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 and is now retired.
108 St. Georges Terrace, which has 50 floors, was completed in 1988.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in the United States.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors.
George Winckler from the United States was the architect of 320 South Boston Building.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which is located at East Link Bridge.
The 3Arena in Dublin was designed by the company Populous.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
Adare Manor, designed by architect George Richard Pain, was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan, where there is an ethnic group of Brazilians.
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and is located at 142 Nakadori.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is the leader.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Brooklyn, New York City.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick which is part of Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Albany is part of Oregon where Salem is the capital.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo is part of Texas in the United States.
Anaheim, California is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Antioch, California is located at 13 metres above sea level and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 above sea level and has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington is part of Texas, in the United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States, where the language is English.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where the leader is known as the President.
Peter Laird, a United States national, created April O'Neal.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC.
Bananaman, starring Graeme Garden, was broadcasted by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor, born in Derbyshire, starred in Bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6, which starred Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6, which starred Scott Adsit.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by Steven T. Seagle.
The comic book writer Roger McKenzie created the character Ben Urich, whose full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
Bo Bibbowski ( full name Bibbo Bibbowski ) was created by Marv Wolfman.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the Italian language is spoken.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader.
Arrabbiata sauce, which contains chili pepper, comes from Italy.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in Indonesia.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Indonesia.
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
The main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage.
The bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is a leader.
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient of Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family and is an ingredient in Bakso.
Bandeja paisa, containing Chicharron, is typical Colombian cuisine.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is a dish from Indonesia.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor, a variation of Siomay.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia and the main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji originates from India where the people are known as Indians.
Bhajji come from India where the leader is T S Thakur.
The Igorot people are an ethnic group in the Philippines where Binignit comes from.
The main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potatotes and bananas.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region.
Cake is a type of dessert, as is Bionico.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where Bakso is a traditional dish.
Batagor and Shumai are variations of the same dish, Shumai contains Shiitake mushrooms.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial, located in Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played the 2014-15 season in the Regionalliga.
Verona, Italy is the location of the ground of A.C. Chievo Verona which has 39371 members.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran, who was born in Italy.
Jorge Humberto Rodrguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Irlam Town F.C.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is in Lancashire and they have 3180 members.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is located in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio play in Serie B and their ground is in Livorno.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina and plays for Juventus F.C.
The full name of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A. and they have 47290 members.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece.
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who play in the Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax ( amateurs )'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst where Jong Ajax is the tenant.
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK which is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio, Umbria.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma and plays for Empoli F.C.
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba is Uab.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has B M Reddy as its president.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the'Technical Campus'status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala whose leader is Kochi.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which is available as an E book.
AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv. ) has the EISSN number 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is available in print form.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance which was followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press who published A Long Long Way.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in print form.
A Severed Wasp has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
The publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is Springer Science and Business Media which was founded by Julius Springer.
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is Fantasy literature and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 and the OCLC number 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson and was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
The American Journal of Mathematics ( Am. J. Math. ) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics.
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press which publishes the American Journal of Mathematics.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. Its runway name is 10R/28L and it has a length of 2776.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama, Madrid, Spain.
Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has a runway length of 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the 1986 bombing of Libya and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a runway length of 877 and a 1st runway made of poaceae.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are in Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. Its runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0.
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the capital is Austin and the language spoken is English.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium, where German is spoken.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which serves New Jersey and has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore, Pakistan. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the community of Madrid. The leader party in Madrid is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain, where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain where the leader party is the Peoples Party.
Alan Bean is a retired American who was born in Wheeler, Texas.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey in the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was selected by NASA in 1963.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and is a United States national. He attended the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962. He died in St. Louis.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis where Francis G. Slay is the leader.
Elliot See died in St. Louis, Kingdom of France, on February 28th, 1966.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire ( home of the purple finch ), spent 13017 minutes in space.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row and was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is part of DuPage County, Illinois. Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building, which has 22 floors, was George Winckler from the United States.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and is located at North Wall Quay.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, which has 23 floors.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which was designed by the architects of 3XN and has 23 floors.
Augustus Pugin, born in Bloomsbury, was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster.
Adare Manor, designed by Philip Charles Hardwick, was completed in 1862 and is owned by JP McManus.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, the capital of which is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, which was started on 30 March 2007 and is located in the United States.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the significant Riverside Art Museum.
Californian born Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference and also significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located in Avenue A, Manhattan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located in New York City and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which is lead by the Conservative Party ( UK ).
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, where the Liberal Democrats are the leaders.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, where the leader is Anandiben Patel.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States, where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate and has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. Its total area is 490.9 square kilometres.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in the United States, the capital of which is Washington D.C. and where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Anaheim, California has a UTC offset of -7, a total area of 131.6 square kilometres and area codes 657 and 714.
Anaheim, California is led by the California State Senate which is located in the California State Capitol.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County which is part of the San Francisco Bay area. The leader of Antioch is the United States House of Representatives.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The county seat of Tarrant County is Fort Worth.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D.C.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres, a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area code of 404.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. Newark is the largest city in New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. New York City is the largest city in the United States.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States.
Auburn is part of Washington state, in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.
Auburn is part of Washington state in the U.S. Olympia is the capital of Washington.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, United States. Atlanta is the capital of Georgia.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in Madison County.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey, United States, where the capital is Trenton.
Arlington is part of Texas where Houston is the largest city and the English language is spoken.
Washington DC is the capital of the United States where Attica is located in Fountain County.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and the language is English.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio, in the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albany is located in Benton County, Oregon.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States, where English is the language and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny, who is French.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and last aired on 15th April 1986.
Big Hero 6, distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, stars Scott Adsit and is Baymax's first film appearance.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Ryan Potter.
The comic character Blockbuster, whose alternative name is Mark Desmond, was created by Carmine Infantino and Gardner Fox.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character Bolt who was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character Bolt who was created by Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn.
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
The main ingredients of Arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. It is a Javanese dish.
Tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and the family of Solanaceae. It is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
Olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Rome region of Italy.
Tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from Rome, Italy.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce. It comes from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia and Malaysia. Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia.
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich. It includes lettuce.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital city is Washington DC.
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from both New York and France.
Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is a leader and the currency is the Euro.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of the United States.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska, a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region and the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which originates from the Derbyshire Dales. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from the country of Indonesia.
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, a dish from the Paisa region, which is typical Colombian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region, Colombia. Hogao is an ingredient in it.
Barny cakes can be found in France where Manuel Valls and Claude Bartolone are leaders.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji originates from India where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader and the currency is the Indian rupee.
Banana is an ingredient of Binignit, which is a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Sago is an ingredient of Binignit, a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit, a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes ( of the order Solanales ) and banana.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert found in Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. It contains raisins.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy, where Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and one of the ethnic groups is the Igorot people.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore, where Tony Tan is a leader and English is spoken.
Tomatoes are from the family of Solanaceae and the order Solanales. They are an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States, which has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The Atatürk Monument ( zmir ) is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg, he plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schoneiche.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena, he played for A.S.D. Licita 1931 and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA ( abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro/A.
Jorge Humberto Rodrguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for Alianza F.C. and the El Salvador national football team.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli. Its chairman is Antonis Milionis.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is " Association Football Club Blackpool ". They have 1500 members and their ground is located in Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Chesterfield FC and is attached to Runcorn FC Halton.
Dave Challinor has been the manager of AFC Fylde, he plays for Colwyn Bay FC and Stockport County FC.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. ( abbreviated to A.S. Livorno Calcio ) has 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno, Italy.
A.S. Livorno Calcio, managed by Christian Panucci, play in Serie B, the champions of which are Carpi FC 1909.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Chelsea F.C. and Real Madrid C.F.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they play in the Superleague of Greece, the champions of which are Olympiacos F.C.
AEK Athens F.C. manager is Gus Poyet who plays for Chelsea F.C. and Real Zaragoza.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader and AFC Ajax ( amateurs )'s ground is located.
Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader and AFC Ajax ( amateurs )'s ground is located.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Istanbulspor A.S. and Jong Ajax.
Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil.
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma and plays for Empoli F.C. and Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena, he played for ASD Licita 1931 and is attached to the club S.S. Chieti Calcio.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both US Castrovillari Calcio and ASD S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both U.S Castrovillari Calcio and S.S. Chieti Calcio.
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India has 250 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, which has Mahe, India to its northwest. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928.
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It is available in print form and has 448 pages.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain. It was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair.
Alexander L. Wolf is the leader of the Association for Computing Machinery which is headquartered in New York City and publishes ACM Transactions on Information Systems.
The AIDS journal, with ISSN number 0269-9370, comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS.
The AIDS journal, with ISSN number 1473-5571, comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS.
AIP Advances was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson who lives in the United States and went to Stanford University.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 and the OCLC number 51969173.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 and the OCLC number of 49805501.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages. It has the OCLC number 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviated to Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg. ) has the ISSN number 1865-8784 and the LCCN number 32024459.
Aenir is written in English and was followed by Above the Veil. It originates from Australia.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil which is written in English.
Above the Veil, written by Garth Nix, is available in hardcover and has 248 pages.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol ) has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and the LCCN number 60040714.
Addiction journal ( abbreviated to Addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell who publish the Addiction journal which has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Cornell University in New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir was written in English by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States and written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has 320 pages. The OCLC number is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States, where English is spoken, as in Great Britain.
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys who was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
Sara Miller McCune founded SAGE Publications which is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which has the ISSN number 0001-8392.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C.
A Wizard of Mars was published in English in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is known as the President and one of the ethnic groups is African American.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. The runway name is 17L/35R and it has a length of 2194.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. It is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18L/36R and it is 3500 long.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The IATA Location Identifier of the airport is AGR and the ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The runway name is 08/26 and it is 3,990 long.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name is 09R/27L and it has a length of 3990.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and deploys the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level. The runway name is 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan and is 2014.0 long.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level. The runway name is 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan and is 2014.0 long.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. It is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Austin is the capital, and where the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Austin is the capital and English is the language spoken.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola and serves the city of Luanda.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, whose headquarters are in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. Turkmenbashi International Airport is the hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens. It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and serves Atlantic City, New Jersey. The leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey is Don Guardian.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority which is led by Stephen Dilts.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel and German is the language spoken there.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium and French is the language spoken there.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown, Essex County, New York, United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Fuad Masum is the leader of Iraq where the Kurdish languages are spoken.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq where the Kurdish languages are spoken.
Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab, Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located and serves the city of Lahore.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants. Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the order of Commelinids.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong, where Chris Patten is a representative. He served as a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin, born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr., was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA and won 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, US. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis.
William Anders was a fighter pilot who joined NASA in 1963. He served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham was started in 1973 and completed in 1976 with 23 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Coloured people and Asian South Africans are ethnic groups in the country.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
300 North LaSalle in Illinois was completed in 2009. It has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770.0 square metres.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen was designed by the architects of the firm 3XN and is currently tenanted by Marriott International.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick, Munster. Limerick City and County Council governs County Limerick.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Brazilians.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos.
The Vietnamese are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia, which was completed on 1 June 2009.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Two leaders of India are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, constructed in 1913, is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located in Avenue A, Manhattan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which has Brooklyn and Manhattan as parts of it. Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which has the postcode area'B'and is lead by Andrew Mitchell.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which has the postcode area'B'and is led by the Labour Party.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, where the leaders are Anandiben Patel and Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Two leaders of India are T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom and the Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is known as the President. Joe Biden is a leader in the United States, where the language is English.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. The language of the United States is English and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Native Americans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres and a land area of 486.2 square kilometres. The area codes for Albuquerque, New Mexico are 505, 575.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, United States. Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States. The capital of the country is Washington D.C. and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas.
Anaheim, California is led by the California State Assembly which is located in the California State Capitol. Spanish is one of the languages spoken in California.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland and Union. It has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres, is 268.0 above sea level and has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
Antioch, California has a population of 102372 and a total area of 75.324 square kilometres. Its area code is 925 and its UTC offset is -7.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, which has the area code 609, has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres, a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and is led by the Mayors of Atlantic City.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. One of the ethnic groups in the United States are Asian Americans.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Auburn is part of King County and Pierce County, in Washington, in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington DC.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, in the United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas, where the county seat is San Marcos. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Anaheim, California is led by the California State Assembly which is located in the California State Capitol. Chinese is one of the languages spoken in California.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, United States. Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis.
Arlington is part of Texas in the United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas and the language spoken is English.
Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington DC and the largest city is New York City.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the President. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is led by the New Mexico Senate and John Sanchez. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the Mayor of Albuquerque, in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where English is the language and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Angola, Indiana is part of the U.S. where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in the United States. The language of the United States is English and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Asian Americans.
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House in London. The BBC broadcast Bananaman and also produces BBC radio.
Bananaman first aired on STV on 3 October 1983. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter. The creator of Baymax is the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character Bolt who was created by Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national, Ernie Colon.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce, which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leaders include Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The leader of Catalonia is the Parliament of Catalonia and Spaniards are the main ethnic group of the country.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, where Batak and Malay are ethnic groups. The dish is also found in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, Malaysia. The Malays and the Minangkabau people are ethnic groups from Sumatra.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader, Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The capital of the country is Washington D.C.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom. Variations include the BLT and club sandwich. Ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment. Other names for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Cookies are also a dessert.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska. The dish can be found in Hong Kong, New York and Paris and is popular in the United States.
Baked Alaska is from France, the United States or China. The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska. The dish comes from Hong Kong and the United States.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart, a variation of Bakewell pudding from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire.
Bakso is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too. The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia and the main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain ( patacones ), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding ( morcilla ), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain ( patacones ), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding ( morcilla ), avocado and lemon.
Barny cakes can be found in France where French is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Batagor is found in Indonesia. It is a variation of the Siomay dish and Shumai, which contains shiitake mushrooms.
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a soup dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and the leader is Halimah Yacob.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the Karnataka region of India. Vegetables are an ingredient in bhajji.
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato ( flowering plant ). Sweet potato belongs to the order Solanales.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It includes coconut milk and sago.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Cookies are also a dessert.
Tapioca is an ingredient of Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore. Baduy are an ethnic group from Java.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish is spoken and where Zamboangans and Ilocano people are ethnic groups.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and where Zamboangans and Igorot people are ethnic groups.
Binignit is a dessert found in the Philippines, where Philippine English is spoken. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Binignit is a dessert found in the Philippines, where Philippine English is spoken. Sandesh is also a dessert.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan. The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield which is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument. The monument was established on 11 July 1907.
Turkey's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and its capital is Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Turkey, which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. Turkey's leader is known as the President of Turkey.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg. He plays for 1. FC Union Berlin, FSV Zwickau and SV Babelsberg 03.
Italian born Rolando Maran has been the manager of AC Chievo Verona. He has also played for FC Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy. He plays for A.C. Chievo Verona and Torino F.C. and manages A.C. Lumezzane.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP. Their chairman is Antonis Milionis and they have 1500 members. Their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
AFC Blackpool's ground is located in Blackpool, where the leader is the Conservative Party ( UK ). The manager of AFC Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Stockport County F.C.
Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool has their ground. The club is managed by Stuart Parker who was at Stockport County FC.
AFC Fylde's full name is " Association Football Club Fylde ". They have 3180 members and their ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire. They played in the 2014 season.
AFC Fylde, full name " Association Football Club Fylde ", has 3180 members and their ground is Bryning Lane. They played in the 2014 season.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina. He plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C., Inter Milan F.C. and Juventus F.C.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they have 69618 members. They played in the Superleague Greece in 2014.
AFC Ajax ( amateurs )'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V. and operated by AFC Ajax. Jong Ajax are the tenants of the ground.
The nickname of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is " Joden, Godenzonen ". They have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season. Their full name is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs ".
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar. He plays for Vitesse Arnhem and AFC Ajax. He is also a member of the Netherlands national football team.
Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, of which Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions.
Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Koln. He plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling, FK Austria Wien, SK Vorwärts Steyr and FC Admira Wacker Modling.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the'Technical Campus'status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. One of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. Aarhus is governed by a magistrate and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala has 250 academic staff. Kerala's leader is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis. The book was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and the DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. It has 512 pages and can be found as an E book with the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J.V. Jones, is available in hardcover. It has an OCLC number of 51969173 and an ISBN number of 0-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in Hardcover. It has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States, where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English, which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, has 560 pages and is available in hardcover with the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., comes under the academic discipline of Math. Its ISSN and LCCN numbers are 0236-5294 and 83646315 respectively.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated Acta Palaeontol. Pol, comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology. It has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and the LCCN number 60040714.
The Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica which has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol. Pol.. It has the ISSN number of 1732-2421 and the LCCN number of 60040714.
Cornell University in New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities. It is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, is available in paperback. It has 233 pages and the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African American. The book is written in English, which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press. Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press which is based in the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States, where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans. The language spoken in the US is English, which is also spoken in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. It is published in English, which is also spoken in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars was published in English in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ).
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader, English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and is 610 metres above sea level. The runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4100.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The airport is 167.94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818. The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA. The runway name at the airbase is 08/26 and it has a length of 3990.0.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The airbase has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA, a runway length of 3992.88 and 08/26 is the runway name.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The USAF bombed Libya in 1986 and has the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. The Lockheed AC-130 Hercules is an attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a transport aircraft.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733.0. The runway name is 08/26.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 3310.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The runway name is 18R/36L and it is 2900.0 in length.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. The airport serves Alpena, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. The runway name is 7/25.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It serves the city of Alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. The runway name is 1/19 and it has a length of 2744.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It serves the city of Alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway length of 1533.0.
Angola International Airport is located at colo e Bengo and serves Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05L/23R with a length of 3800.0.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. Two of the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. The language spoken in Greece is Greek.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. Two of the leaders of which are Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras. The language spoken in Greece is Greek.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and serves Atlantic City, New Jersey. The leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey is Don Guardian.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The capital of Belgium is Brussels and the country's leaders include Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States and has the ICAO location identifier of KACY.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown, New York, United States ).
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, Essex County, New York, United States. Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown, New York.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra Airport. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum are leaders in Iraq where the language is Arabic.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a test pilot and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He served as a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8, which was commanded by Frank Borman.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. The backup pilot was William Anders. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA, where William Anders was a backup pilot. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator and the gemstone Benitoite is found.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a US national. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st 1969.
200 Public Square, completed in 1985, is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York began in January 2014. The building has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. The building has the Postmodern style of architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and the capital of Illinois is Springfield.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen which is currently tenanted by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC. It is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark where Greenlandic is one of the languages spoken.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark is Marriott International. Marriott International was founded in Washington DC. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and one of the languages used in the country is Greenlandic.
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury, Ireland. He was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster. Enda Kenny is the leader of the Republic of Ireland.
Addis Ababa City Hall was started in 1961 and completed in 1964. It has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. The current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa.
The Akita Museum of Art is located at 142 Nakadori, Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. It has 3 floors.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Tar As and one of the ethnic groups in the country is the Chinese.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, which was designed by Robert A M Stern and owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of Gujarat is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of the Eastern Province. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, which is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. New York City was part of New Netherland and is lead by Cyrus Vance Jr. Manhattan is part of New York City.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. The governing body of Birmingham is the City Council and Labour politician, John Clancy is one of the leaders. The postcode area is B.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, the capital of which is Washington DC. The leader of the United States is known as the President, and two of the leaders are John Roberts and Barack Obama.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. The leader of the United States is known as the President. Americans inhabit the U.S. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, United States. The largest city in Fulton County is Atlanta and one of the ethnic groups in the United States is Native Americans.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas, where English is spoken.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas, where English is spoken.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107.43 square kilometres.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, San Francisco Bay, California. The 11th State Assembly district leads Antioch. The language spoken in California is English.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia. It has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347.1 square kilometres. It has an area code of 404.
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and is located at 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Auburn, Washington is part of King County and Pierce County in the United States. It has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas. Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County and the largest city is Round Rock. English is spoken in Texas.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas. The county seat of Hays County is San Marcos. Houston is the largest city in Texas and the language spoken in Texas is English.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas. San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County. Houston is the largest city in Texas and Spanish is spoken.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the language spoken in Indiana is English American.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas. The county seat of Tarrant County is Fort Worth and the largest city in Texas is Houston. Spanish is spoken in Texas.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States. The largest city in Tarrant County is Fort Worth and the capital of Texas is Austin.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City. White Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the people are known as Americans. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country.
Albany is part of Oregon in the United States. The capital of the US is Washington DC and the people are known as Americans. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States. The language of the United States is English, the people are known as Americans and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. The county seat of Lee County is Opelika and one of the ethnic groups in the United States is Native Americans.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. The largest city is Newark and the capital is Trenton. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Albuquerque is part of New Mexico in the United States. The leader of the United States is known as the President and the language spoken is English. Barack Obama is the President of the United States.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States. The language of the United States is English, the people are called Americans and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio, in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Barack Obama is the president. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where the leader is known as the President. Americans live in the U.S. and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk. He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the language is Indonesian.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malay and Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups found in the country.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malay and Malaysian Indian are ethnic groups found in the country.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra. It is also found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur. Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia, where Malaysian Indian and Malay are ethnic groups.
Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Paul Ryan is a leader, the capital is Washington D.C. and English is the language spoken. White Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom and variations include the BLT. The main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong and France. Manual Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France where French is spoken.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. One of the ingredients is lemon, which is part of the rutaceae family and of the Rosids order.
Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, can be found in France, where French is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia, where the dish batagor is found. Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish, which contains peanut sauce.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where Batagor comes from. Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai.
Batagor, Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish. Batagor originates from Jusuf Kalla led, Indonesia. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. Its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables. Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India. The leader of Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala and the leader of India is T S Thakur. The people of India are called Indians.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The country's leaders are T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan and the people are known as Indian.
Bionico is a dessert found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico, where Spanish is spoken and where Bionico is found. It is served as a dessert course and honey can be added to it.
Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. It can be varied by adding honey. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The leader of the region is Carles Puigdemont and the country's leader is Felipe VI. Spaniards are the main ethnic group of the country.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy, where the capital is Rome, the language is Italian and the leaders are Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy, where the capital is Rome, the leaders are Laura Boldrini and Sergio Mattarella and the people are known as Italians.
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital, Italian is spoken and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. The dish can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. It includes fried chicken.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. The dish comes from Singapore, where English is spoken and Tony Tan is a leader.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are spoken. Ethnic groups of the country include the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia. Spaniards are the main ethnic group of Spain. Spanish is the language spoken in Spain.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia and Felipe VI is the leader of Spain. Spaniards are the people of Spain.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County is located to the south of Cumberland County and has Carrol County to its southeast and Frederick County to its southwest.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku and the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku and the legislature is the National Assembly. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Atatürk Monument ( zmir ) is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. Turkey's leader is President Ahmet Davutoglu.
Michele Marcolini has been the manager of AC Lumezzane, who have their ground in Italy. He has played for Vicenza Calcio and F.C. Bari 1908. Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy.
AFC Blackpool's ground is located in Blackpool where the leader is the Labour Party ( UK ). The manager of AFC Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who has played for Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is located in Italy. They play in Serie D, of which S.S. Robur Siena are champions. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella and the language spoken is Italian.
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is located in Marousi and is the home ground of AEK Athens FC. The manager of the club is Gus Poyet who has played for Chelsea FC and Real Zaragoza.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso, the capital is Rome, the language spoken is Italian and the people are known as Italians.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader. The official language of the country is Italian, and the inhabitants are known as Italians. The capital city is Rome.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is the Monarchy of Denmark and his name is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, India. The leader of Kerala is Kochi and the largest city in India is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in India.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Aarhus is governed by a magistrate and has Mols to its northeast.
The authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It was preceded by Grantville Gazette II which was preceded by The Grantville Gazette. The book was followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English.
Cornell University, in Ithaca, New York, is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities. Its president is Elizabeth Garrett and it publishes Administrative Science Quarterly.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. The language of the United States is English, which is also spoken in Great Britain. One of the ethnic groups in the United States is African American.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. The language of the United States is English, which is also spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The language of the United States is English, which is also spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ). Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
The novel Into Battle was written by Australians. It was followed by Above the Veil, The Violet Keystone and Aenir, which was preceded by Castle.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States and is written in English, also spoken in Great Britain. The previous president of the US was Barack Obama and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. English is the language of the United States and Great Britain.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair and comes from the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Barack Obama is the president. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader, the capital is Washington D.C., and Americans live. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is called the President. The language of the United States and Great Britain is English. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15th, 1932. He was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14. The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Bean ( born Alan LaVern Bean ) was a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. David Scott was the commander and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot. Alan Bean retired in June 1981.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot on the mission.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20 January 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. Smilodon is a fossil from California, and Benitoite is a gemstone.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. and became a fighter pilot before becoming a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on the mission along with Frank Borman. William Anders retired on September 1st 1969.
William Anders graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot of Apollo 8 and Frank Borman was a crew member. William Anders is now retired.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County. Carrol County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County and Frederick County is southwest of Adams County.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the capital city is Baku.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 100 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is the Monarchy of Denmark and its religion is the Church of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala, India. The largest city in India is Mumbai and the country's leader is Kochi. The Ganges is a river in India.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis. Its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. The national anthem is Desteapta-te, romane!
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15th, 1932. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. and became a test pilot. He was a crew member of Apollo 12 and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a test pilot. He died in California.
Alan Bean was an American born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was a backup pilot.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr, also known as Buzz Aldrin, was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20 January 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and has now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot on the mission. Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He was a US national. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on the mission along with Frank Borman. William Anders retired on September 1st 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He was a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and spent 8820.0 minutes in space. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
Turkey's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital city is Ankara. The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish lira. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir.
The Atatürk Monument ( zmir ) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara, the largest city is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish lira. The leader of Turkey is President Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff. Switzerland's leader is the Federal Chancellor.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Its motto is " Nurturing Excellence ".
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka which has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west. The Institute was given the'Technical Campus'status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai. One of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis which has the International Tennis Federation as its governing body.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania. The national anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Aarhus is governed by a magistrate. Denmark's leader is the Monarchy of Denmark and his name is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 16,000 students. Its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the European University Association.
