The start year of Aaron Bertram's career was 1998.
The Horns of Happiness is an associated band/musical artist of Aaron Deer.
The book, " The Kill Rock Stars, " was written by Aaron Deer.
Avant-garde Metal is the genre of Aaron Turner.
The book, " Progressive metal, " was written by Aaron Turner.
Abradab's background is that of a solon.
Abradab was born on November 12th, 1978.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab is in the genre of Hip-Hop.
Agustín Barboza is in the Guarania genre.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is in the genre of rock.
Albennie Jones is associated with the Musician Sammy Price.
The character, Aleksandra Kovač, is a " sola singer ".
The birth place of Aleksandra Kovač is Yugoslavia.
The genre of Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Soul music.
Alex Day is in the genre of Synthpop.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with the Musician Héctor Numa Mores.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a member of RCA Records.
Alison Odonnell was active in 1963.
Alison Odonnell is in the genre of Jazz.
Alison Odonnell plays with the following instruments : voice, bodhrán, percussion, andautoharp.
The birth date of Allen Forrest is 1981-02-04.
The genre of Allen Forrest's work is Pop.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
The Anders Osborne is associated with the Musician, Johnny Sansone.
The genre of Anders Osborne is Rhythm and blues.
Alligator Records is the name of Anders Osborne's record label.
The genre of Andra ( singer ) is Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel was active in 2009.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the Musician Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew White ( Musician ) is associated with the band Marry Banilow.
Andrew White ( Musician ) is a member of the B-Unique Records club.
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
Christian Burns plays the guitar.
Hip-hop is a subgenre of Gangsta rap.
Hip-hop is a genre of Funk.
Indie rock is influenced by New Wave music.
Manhattan is part of Greater Manchester.
The location of the Polydor Records is London.
RCA Records is distributed by the company Sony Music Entertainment.
The rock and roll genre is influenced by the blues.
The Synthpop style of music is influenced by Pop.
The demonym for natives of the United Kingdom is British people.
Silvio Berlusconi is chairman of A.C. Milan.
The birth place of Aaron Boogaard is in Canada.
The SV Werder Bremen club is the home club of Aaron Hunt.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Abner ( footballer ) was born in Brazil.
The birth place of Adam Maher is Diemen.
The birth place of Adam Maher is the Netherlands.
The Netherlands national under-17 football team is represented by Adam Maher.
The manager of Adam Maher's club is PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League.
Basim Qasim is the manager of Al-Zawraa SC.
Al-Kharaitiyat SC is in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Alan Martin ( footballer ) plays for the Hamilton Academy F.C.
Alan Martin is a member of the Scotland National Football Team.
The birth date of Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was 1995-09-02.
The club of Aleksander Barkov Jr. is the Florida Panthers.
The height of Aleksander Bakov Jr. is 1.905.
The National Hockey League is the league that Aleksander Bakov, Jr. plays in.
The birth date of Aleksandr Prudnikov is February 24, 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
The birth place of Aleksandre Guruli is Batumi.
The manager of FC Samtredia is Aleksandre Guruli.
The Georgia national under-21 football team is represented by Aleksandre Guruli.
A.S. Roma is the club of Alessio Romagnoli.
A.S. Roma's youthclub is A.S > Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus is in the Turkish Basketball SuperLeague.
Atlanta Falcons play in Atlanta.
Boston Bruins general manager is Don Sweeney.
Budapest is in the country of Hungary.
English is the language spoken in Canada.
The language of the United States is the Slavey language.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in the city of Columbus, Ohio.
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
The chairman of Ferencvárosi TC is Gábor Kubatov.
The language spoken in Finland is the Finnish language.
Daniele Zoratto is the manager of the Italy national under-16 football team.
Maccabi Ashdod B.C.'s manager is Zvi Sherf.
Fir Park is the home ground of Motherwell FC.
The owner of Olympique Lyonnais is Jean-Michel Aulas.
St. Louis Rams play in St. Louis.
The Tennessee Titans play in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
The density of the 1994 V8 is 2.0 ( gram per cubic kilometer ).
The discoverer of 1950 DA is Carl A. Wirtanen.
The 2009 FD has an absolute value of 22.1.
The 2009 FD apoapsis is 259776702.47055 kilometres long.
The 1998 RO1 apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres long.
The 1998 RO1 epoch began on the 4th of November 2013.
The escape velocity of 1000 Piazzia is 0.0252 ( kilometres per second ).
1001 Gaussia's former name was 1923 OAA907 XC.
The maximum temperature of 1001 Gaussia is 165.0 ( kelvins ).
101 Helena apoapsis is 441092000.0 kilometres long.
101 Helena was established on January 31, 2006.
The total mass of 101 Helena is 3.0 ( kilometres ).
1036 Ganymed has a total of 16.86 kilometres per second.
103 Hera has an absolute magnitude of 7.66.
103 Hera has a total mass of 7.9 ( kilometres ).
The absolute magnitude of 107 Camilla is 7.08.
The discoverer of 107 Camilla is A.Storrs.
The former name of 1089 Tama is A894VA ; A904VD.
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1097 Vicia's average speed is 17.92 kilometres per second.
1097 Vicia was founded on the 31st of January, 2006.
1097 Vicia is in the rotation perperiod of 95040.0.
Christian Heinrich Friedrich Petersen is the discoverer of 109 Felicitas.
The number of 109 Felicitas periapsis is 283326000000.
10 Hygiea's average speed is 16.76 ( kilometres per second ).
1101 Clematis periapsis has a value of 445895000000.
110 Lydia was established on the 31st of January, 2006.
The temperature of 11264 Cluade Cantone is 173.0 ( kelvins ).
James Craig Watson's alma mater is the University of Michigan.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Dodge Coronet is the alternative name for 1955 Dodge.
The 1955 Dodge has an engine that is 230 ( cubic inches ) long.
A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 7th, 2005.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AID Aluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
AID Astella was christened on the 16th of March 2013.
AID Astella was completed on the 11th of March 2013.
AID Astella's maiden voyage was on the 17th of March 2013.
AID Astella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The location of the first ALV X-1 flight mission is the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The American Motors Matador is also known as the AMC Matador.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V-2 ) was " Sold to the Netherland 1 April 1938 ".
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé's engine is a Straight-four.
The Honda K engine is used in the Acura TLX.
The Acura TLX is an AWD ( vehicle ).
The Acura TLX is a type of transport for the Honda Accord.
The Acura TLX's transmission is 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic ( V6 ).
Alfa Romeo164 is in the assembly of Arese.
Alfa Romeo164 is related to the Lancia Thema.
The Alfa Romeo164 transmission is 4-speed automatic.
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers.
Alhambra's ship is called the Alhambra and it is 8.3 metres long.
Alhambra is " Wrecked ".
Alhambra's elevation is 18.52.
The Alvis Speed 25 is a Straight-six engine.
The Alvis Speed 25 was started in 1937.
The American submarine NR-1 is 4.6 metres long.
The Antares ( rocket ) was a part of the 2014-10-28 flight program.
The Antares ( rocket ) is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The leader of Argentina is called Gabriela Michele.
The Guiana Space Centre is the location of the launch of the Ariane 5.
The maiden flight of the Ariane 5 was on 11th August, 2005.
The body style of the Aston Martin V8 is Convertible.
The Aston Martin V8 is a product of the Aston Martin company.
The manufacturer of the Aston Martin Vierage is the company Aston Martin.
The final flight of Atlas II was 1998-03-16.
The Vandenberg Air Force Base is the location of the Atlas II's launch.
August Horch is the founder of Audi.
The Audi A1 is in the Audi Brussels assembly plant.
The Audi A1 is related to the SeAT Ibiza program.
Caterpillar International is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
DeSoto Custom is related to the mean of Transportation of Chrysler Newport.
Fiat Croma is related to the Alfa Romeo164.
The demonym for people living in Germany is Germans.
The leader of Germany is called Norbert Lammert.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
The headquarters of Guiana Space Centre are in Kourou, French Guiana.
Honda K is the name of the Honda K engine.
The national anthem of the United States is The Star-Spangled Banner.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The Purple Heart award went to Aaron S. Daggett.
The Battle of the Mine Run was one of the battles of Aaron S. Daggett.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherland.
Abu Rahman Yakub is the Vice President of Tuanku Bujang Tuankut Othman.
Abu Taib Mahmud is part of the party " Parti Bumiputera Sarawak ".
Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib is the successor to Abdul Taib Mahmud.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was active on 1999-05-29.
Abu Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in the Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal was active on the 3rd of January, 1965.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
The birth place of Adam Holloway is Kent.
The residence of Adam Holloway is in Gravesend.
Adenan Satem's alma mater is the University of Adelaide.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
The Prime Minister of Adonis Georgiadis is Antonis Saras.
Adonis Georgiadis is the Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave's active years began on June 30, 1953.
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in " Knightsbridge, London ".
Airey Neave is a member of the Navy and has a rank as a Lieutenant.
Airey Neave was started in 1935.
Albert B. White is affiliated with the Republican Party ( United States ).
Albert B. White's spouse is Agnes Ward White.
Albert Jennings Fountain is part of the Union Army.
The nationality of Alberto Teisaire is Argentina.
The " Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy " is the title of Alberto Teisaire.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales was active on 1875-03-04.
Alfred Moore Scales was in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred N. Phillipps was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillipps is the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers active years began on January 21, 1947.
Allan Shivers is a member of the United States Army.
Allan Shivers was followed by Price Daniel.
The start date of Alvah Sabin's career was March 4th, 1853.
Alvah Sabin is affiliated with the Whig Party ( United States ).
Robert E Lee was the commander of the American Civil War.
The language of Austria is Austrian German.
Robert E Lee was the commander of the Battle of Antietam.
The Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the American Civil War.
The leader of Buenos Aires is Gabriela Michele.
The commander of the Gulf War was Colin Powell.
John F. Kennedy's predecessor was Dwight D. Eisenhower.
The Alma mater of Josef Klaus is the University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain's predecessor was Francisco Francois Francois.
Juan Perón is part of the Labour Party ( Argentina ).
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
The United States Army fought in the Spanish American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The guitar player, Aaron Deer, is part of the genre of Psychedelia.
The American, Aaron Deer, was born in Indiana.
The comic book character Aaron Turner, who is a member of the Twilight ( band ), plays in the Electroacoustic genre.
The Avant-garde Metal genre is represented by the Singing player, Aaron Turner.
Abradab is associated with the Musician Magik and the comic book character Kaliber 44.
Abradab was born in Katowice on November 12th, 1978.
Abradab was born in Poland and is from the country of Katowice.
Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hiphop, which has the influence of Disco.
Ace Wilder, who is a member of the Warner Music Group, performs as a solo.
Agustín Barboza, born in Paraguay, is the owner of the Philips Records label.
Alan Frew is in the genre of rock, which has bhangra as one of its genres.
Alan Frew is in the genre of rock, which was influenced by Country Music.
Albennie Jones is a member of the Jazz genre, which was influenced by the blues.
The character, Aleksandra Kovač, is a member of the Pop Music genre and is also known as a sola singer.
The genre of Aleksandra Kovač's work is Rhythm and blues, which has the influence of blues.
The career of Aleksandra Kovač, who is in the genre of Soul music, began in 1990.
Alex Day is in the genre of Synthpop which was influenced by New Wave.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, who is a member of the Milonga genre, performs as a solon.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a member of the Taquirari genre, performs as a solon.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a member of the Zamba ( artform ), is also known as a solon.
The Plastik Mak and Bajik are both associated with the Musician, Alison Odonnell.
Alison Odonnell, who is a member of the Folk rock genre, has a record label called Floating World Records.
Alison Odonnell, who is a member of the Jazz genre, plays with the following instruments : voice, bodhrán, percussion, and arranger.
The character, Allen Forrest, is a member of the Hip Hop genre and performs as a solo singer.
Andrew White ( Musician ) is a member of the Christian alternative rock genre.
The associated Musicians of Anders Osborne are the following : He is a member of the Phil Lesh and Friends club, as well as being associated with the band Tab Benoit.
Rabadash Records is the publisher of Anders Osborne, who is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
The Rhythm and blues genre is represented by Anders Osborne, who is a member of the Shanachie Records club.
Andra, who is part of the Pop genre, was active in 2000.
The genre of Andra ( singer ) is Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel, who is also associated with Christian Burns and Jon Mendelsohn, performs as a Musician.
Andrew Rayel is associated with both Mark Sixma and Jon Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel is associated with both Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren.
Andrew White ( Musician ) is part of the genre of alternative rock, which was influenced by New Wave.
Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) is a member of the Country Music genre, where Banjo is one of the instruments.
Andrew White ( Musician ) is the owner of the London based company, Polydor Records.
Born in Saskatchewan, Aaron Boogaard is a member of the Wichita Thunder.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva manages the club Peñarol where Abel Hernández is a member.
Abel Hernández is a member of the Peñarol club and plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
The Netherlands national under-17 football team is represented by Adam Maher who plays for AZ Alkmaar.
The Netherlands national under-17 football team is represented by Adam Maher who plays for PSV Eindhoven.
The manager of Al Shorta SC is Ahmad Kadhim Assad, who plays for both Al-Shorta SC and Steel Azin F.C.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC whose manager is Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams is a member of the T&TEC Sports Club, plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team.
Akeem Ayers, who was a member of the New England Patriots, was picked in the 39th round by the team.
Akeem Ayers, who is a member of the Tennessee Titans, was picked in the 39th round by the team.
Akeem Dent was born on the 27th of September 1987.
Akeem Priestley is affiliated with the club, the Connecticut Husies, and plays for both Sheikh Rasul Kalla and the Sheik Rasul KC.
Akeem Priestley is a member of the RoPS club and plays for both Sheikh Russel KC and RoPS.
Al-Khor Sports Club, whose ground is in Al Khor, is the homeground of Alaa Abdul-Zahra.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Karaitiyat SC and manages Amar Osim.
Alan Martin ( footballer ) plays for both the Hamilton Academy F.C. and the Leeds United FC.
Alan Martin ( footballer ) plays for the Hamilton Academia F.C. whose ground is New Douglas Park.
The birth date of Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is 1995-09-02 and he plays for the Florida Panthers.
The birth place of Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is Tampere, Finland and he plays for the Florida Panthers.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov and the club is managed by Aleksandr Chumakov.
The FC Kuban Krasnodar and the FC Spartak Moscow are both clubs of Aleksandr Prudnikov.
The manager of FC Tom Tomsk is Aleksandr Prudnikov, he plays in the Russian Football National League.
The FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi are both affiliated with the club, Aleksandre Guner.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantù.
Alex Tyus is in the Turkish Basketball SuperLeague, plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. club.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba where the Conservative Party of Canada is the leader.
The national anthem of the United States is O Canada, which is also the birthplace of Adam McQuaid.
The English language is spoken in the country of Adam McQuaid, who was born in it.
The manager of FC Dinamo Batumi is Levan Khalid Komeriki and the player, Aleksandre Guruli, is attached to the club.
The ground of FC Spartak Meringue is the Otkrytiye Arena and the player, Aleksandr Prudnikov, is attached to the club.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS, which is in the Veikkausliiga league.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome.
The escape velocity of the 1994 Vk8 is 0.0925 ( kilometres per second ) and it's apoapsis is 6603633000.
The apoapsis of the 2009 FD is 211.0 ( kelvins ), has a length of 259776702.47055 kilometres.
The discoverer of the 2009 FD is Spacewatch and it has the periapsis 88234300000.0.
The escape velocity of 1998 RO1 is 0.0999 ( kilometres per second ) and it was completed on 2013-11-04.
The 16244700.0 orbital period of the 1999 KW4 was completed on July 14th, 2004.
The 1999 KW4 is 9953.28 minutes long and was born on the 14th of July, 2004.
James Craig Watson, who died of peritonitis, was the discoverer of 101 Helena.
1036 Ganymed, which has 16.86 kilometres of average speed, has a apoapsis of 611961000.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed is Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed is the German national, Walter Baade.
James Craig Watson, who died of peritonitis, was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who is from the United States.
N.R. Pogson, born in Nottingham, is the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919HA or 1927 WB, was founded on November the 26th, 2005.
1089 Tama, which has a temperature of 179.0 (kelvins ), is 373513000 metres long.
1097 Vicia periapsis was established on the 31st of January, 2006 and has an epoch of 279142000000.
The temperature of 109 Felicitas apoapsis 523329000.0 ( kelvins ), is 170.0.
The periapsis of 109 Felicitas is 283326000000 and was established on the 31st of January, 2006.
The 109 Felicitas epoch began on the 31st of January, 2006 and has a length of 47487.6.
10 Hygiea apoapsis has a temperature of 164.0 ( kelvins ) and is 523951582.33968 kilometres long.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, was born on the 27th of June 2015.
110 Lydia, which has 6.7 kilometers of mass, was invented on the 31st of January, 2006.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and was born on the 31st of January, 2006.
A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship which has a length of 125800.0 metres.
A-Rosa Luna, a 125800.0 (millimetres ) long ship, was ordered on January 22, 2004.
AID Astella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
AID Aluna is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Rostock.
AID Aluna has a length of 252000.0 metres and a top speed of 40.744.
AID Astella was christened on the 16th of March 2013 and has a length of 253260.0 metres.
The ALCORS-3 is a Diesel-electric transmission built by the Montreal Locomotive Works.
The length of the runway at the ALV X 1st base is 1.524 metres and it is also where the second runway is located.
The AMC Matador, which was produced in 1974, is found in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The designer of the AMC Matador is Richard A. Teague, who worked for Chrysler.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V-2 ) is from the country of Argentina and has a length of 192000.0 metres.
Alfa Romeo 164 is in Milan and is part of the metropolitan area of Saab 9000.
Alfa Romano 164, which is in Italy, is a type of transport similar to the Fiat Croma.
Alfa Romano 164 is in Italy and is related to the Lancia Thema.
Alvis Car and Engineering company, located in the city of Coventry, is the manufacturer of Alvis Speed 25.
The Alvis Speed 25 has 4387.0 ( cubic meters ) of engines, a transmission called the " singleplate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox, all-silent and all-syncromesh, centrerechange leafer, open tubular Propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel. " and a Groudering back axle.
The Alvis Speed 25's transmission is a "single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox, all-silent and all-syncromesh, centrerechange leafer, opentubular Propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel ), and it uses a Straight-six engine.
The AMC Matador is a product of American Motors, which was followed by the Eagle ( automobile ).
The Antares ( rocket ) was first put on the air on January 9th, 2014 and is located at the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V-2 ) is located in the country of Argentina where the leader is Gabriela Michele.
The Airbus defence and space company is the manufacturer of the ELA-3 which is the location of the Ariane 5.
The parent company of Airbus defence and space, the manufacturer of the Ariane 5, is Airbus Group.
The UK assembly of the Aston Martin V8 is related to that of the ATSRHAM/1.
The Aston Martin V8 was produced by the company Aston Martin and its predecessor is the Aston Martin VIirage.
The Aston Martin V8 is a type of transport and its predecessor was the Aston Martin DBS.
The Aston Martin V8 is a sequel to the Aston Martin VI which was made by the company Aston Martin.
The length of the runway at the Atlas II airport is 3.04 metres and it was completed on 1998-03-16.
At the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, the Lockheed Martin-manufactured Atlas II is located.
The Audi A1 is a product of the Audi e-tron division, which is owned by Audi.
The Audi A1 is a subsidiary of the Ducati company and is made by Audi.
The Audi A1 is a product of the Quattro GmbH based Audi subsidiary.
AID Aluna's power type is the Caterpillar International which has Douglas R. Oberhelman as a key person.
The Antares ( rocket ) is a competitor to the Delta II which was operated by the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov, was built in Finland where the leader is Juha Sipilä.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by the General Dynamics Electric Boat whose parent company is General Dynamics.
A-Rosa Luna's power type is MTU Friedrichshafen, which is owned by Rolls Royce Holding.
The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II and the country is the location of the assembly of the Aston Martin V8.
The Purple Heart was awarded to Aaron S. Daggett, who was in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
The Purple Heart was awarded to Aaron S. Daggett, who was in the Battle of Gettysburg.
Abu Taib Mahmud's successor is Abdul Rahman Yakub who has a deputy called Stephen Jong Kuet Tze.
Abu Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The Technical Institute, Kaduna is the alma mater of Abdulsalami Abubakar who was born in Minna.
The Chief of the defence staff ( in Niger ) is called Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was born in the state and worked as a fighter pilot.
The Chief of the defence staff ( Nigeria ) is called Abdulsalami Abubakar who is the successor to Al-Amin Daggash.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who is the successor of Olusegun Obasanjo, was active on 1999-05-29.
The Vice President of Abdulsalami Abubakar is called Mike Akhigbe and his successor is Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abner W. Sibal was involved in the battles of World War II, which was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal is a member of the United States Army which fought in the Korean War.
Born in Kent, Adam Holloway's alma mater was Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Born in Kent, Adam Holloway's residence is in Gravesend.
Virtuti Militari awarded Adam Koc, who was involved in World War I, the Virtuti Medal.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, worked as a representative of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Greece, is the " Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally ". His office is in Greece.
Agnes Kant, born in Hessisch Oldendorf, is the leader of the Parliamentary Group.
Airey Neave, who was a member of the Royal Artillery, was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave, who was a fighter in the Battle of France, was born on 1974-03-04.
Airey Neave was a fighter in the Battle of France, which was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II.
Airey Neave was a fighter in World War II where Franklin D. Roosevelt was the commander.
Airey Neave was a fighter in the World War II, which was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White was born on the 22nd of September, 1856 and died in 1941.
Albert B White was born on the 22nd of September, 1856 and served as a politician.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who served as Vice President to Edmund J. Davis, died in New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain, born in New York City, is affiliated with the Republican Party ( United States ).
The Provisional President of the Argentine Senate is Alberto Teisaire, who worked at the office of Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria in the state of Tyrol.
Alfred Moore Scales was the governor of North Carolina and his successor is James W. Reid.
Alfred Moore Scales's successor is Daniel Gould Fowle, who graduated from Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillippines, born in Connecticut, worked for the United States House of Representatives.
Alfred N. Phillips is a member of the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
Allan Shivers was involved in the battles of World War II, which was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ).
Allan Shivers, who was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ), worked for Ben Ramsey.
The Secretary of State of Vermont is the office of Alvah Sabin who was born on October 23rd, 1793.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the currency is the euro.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is a leader.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States.
The Pop-rock genre is the subject of the book " The Suburban Legends ", which was written by Aaron Bertram. He is associated with both the comic book writer and the author of " The Kids Imagine Nation. ".
The American, Indie rocker, Aaron Deer, was born in Indiana.
The American, Aaron Deer, is part of the genre of Psychedelia and was born in Indiana.
The Black Metal character, Aaron Turner, is associated with both Greymachine and the band, Twilight.
The comic book character, Aaron Turner, who is in the genre of drone music, is associated with both Greymachine and the band, Twilight.
The author, Aaron Turner, is the author of the book, " The Ambient Music genre, " which was followed by " The Twilight ( band ) and " The Musical Musician, " who is also associated with the writer Mamiffer.
The Black Metal genre, which is part of the deathmetal genre, is represented by the electric guitar player, Aaron Turner.
The Black Metal genre, which is also known as deathmetal, is represented by the Singing-based comic book character, Aaron Turner.
Abradab was born on 12 November 1978. He is associated with the Musician Kaliber 44 and the comic book writer Magik.
Abradab, from the city of Katowice, is associated with the Musician Kaliber 44 and the comic book writer Magik.
Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hiphop, which has Funk and Disco as some of its influences.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción, Paraguay. The leader of the country is Juan Afara.
Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) is part of the genre of rock and performs as a Singing Musician.
Alan Frew is a member of the rock music genre which was influenced by Country and Bhangra.
The Afrobeat genre is represented by the genre of Jazz which has the blues as one of its influences. It is also where Albennie Jones is from.
Albennie Jones, born in Errata, Mississippi, is a member of the genre of Rhythm and blues ( which is related to Disco ).
Bevi Dol and K2 are both associated with the musician, Aleksandra Kovač, who is part of the Pop music genre.
Bebbi Dil and Kornelije Kovač are both associated with the comic book character Aleksandra Kovaç who is also a member of the Pop Music genre.
The Kovač Sisters are the alter ego of the Rhythm and blues-influenced, Aleksandra Kovaça, who is associated with K2 and Kolin Klovač. She is also associated with the Musically Musically Group K2 alongside her friend, Kristina Kovacek.
Alex Day is a character in the genre of Synthpop, which was influenced by Pop and Disco.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. He was born in England, having been born in Manchester.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in the United Kingdom and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, which is lead by the Labour Party. He died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London where Boris Johnson is the leader. He later died in Sidcup.
The comic book character Alison O'Donnell, who is a member of the Folk Music of Ireland, is also associated with the musicians Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet.
Alison Odonnell, who is a member of the Folk Music genre, is associated with both Mellow Candle and the comic book character Flibbertigibbet.
Alison Odonnell, who is a member of the Jazz genre, plays for voice, bodhrán, percussion, and arrharp. A variation of jazz is Funk.
Alison Odonnell, who is a member of the Jazz genre ( which has Funk as one of its members ), is the owner of the Static Caravan Recordings.
The character, Allen Forrest, who was born in Dothan, Alabama, is a member of the Pop genre and performs as a solon.
The character, Allen Forrest, was born in Dothan, Alabama and is a member of the Rhythm and blues genre. His main occupation is as a solon.
Andrew White ( Musician ) is the creator of the genre of alternative rock which is also known as New Wave or Nu Metal.
The band Anders Osborne is associated with both Billy Iuso and the Musician Kirk Joseph. It is also associated with the band Tab Benoit.
Rabadash Records is the publisher of Anders Osborne, who is in the rock genre and plays bhangra.
The character Andra ( a.k.a. Dance-pop ) is associated with both the band CrBL and the Musician Puya.
Marius Moga and Andreea Bălan are both associated with the comic book character Andra, who is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
The character Andra ( a.k.a. Andra ) is a member of the Rhythm and blues genre, which is influenced by Disco. It's also known as a solon.
Andrew Rayel, who is in the genre Trance, is associated with Christian Burns and Jon Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel, who is a member of the Trance Music genre, is associated with both Jon Mendelsohn and Bobina.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the House Music genre and is associated with both Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns.
Andrew White ( Musician ) is associated with both Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs. He has a record company called Universal Records which is now defunct.
The character, Aaron Bertram, is part of the group, The Suburban Legends, and is also a member of the genre, which has the name, " Ska Punk ".
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi.
The youth club of SV Werder Bremen is for Aaron Hunt who plays for VfL Wolfsburg. He is also affiliated with the youthclub of Goslarer SC 08.
The manager of VfL Wolfsburg is Dieter Heinrich Hecking and the club plays for SV Werder Bremen II. Aaron Hunt is a member of this club.
Abel Hernández is attached to the club U.S. Città di Palermo and plays for both Central Español and Hull City A.F.C.
Abel Hernández is affiliated with the youthclub Central Español, plays for U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol.
Born in the Netherlands, Adam Maher is a member of the AZ Alkmaair club and plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Akeem Adams is affiliated with the W Connection F.C. club and plays for UnitedPetrotrin FC. His ground is at Palo Seco.
Akeem Ayers, who played for the Los Angeles Rams, was a member of the 2nd round of the 2014 season. He has 39 picks in his career.
Akeem Ayers, who played for the St. Louis Rams, was picked in the 2nd round of the 2009 season. His draft pick is 39.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on the 27th of September 1987. He was a member of the Atlanta Falcons.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq and plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Iraq national under-20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is affiliated with Shabab Al-Ordon Club and plays for AlKharaitiyat SC. The club's ground is in Al Khor.
Alan Martin was born on January 1st, 1989. He was a member of the Hamilton Academy F.C. and was attached to the club Clyde FC.
Alan Martin is a member of the Accrington Stanley F.C., whose ground is in Accrington. He has represented the club Motherwell FC.
The birth place of Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is Tampere, Finland and he was born on 1995-09-02. He plays for the Florida Panthers.
The Florida Panthers, are the draft team of Aleksander Barkov, Jr. who was born in Tampere, Finland on the 2nd of September 1995.
Born in the Soviet Union, Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. The leader of the country is Vladimir Putin.
Born on the 24th of February, 1989, Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the FC Alania Vladikavkaz club. He plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Born on the 24th of February, 1989, Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of FC Tom Tomsk and plays for the Russia national football team.
The AZAL PFK player, Aleksandre Guner Guruli is in the Olympique Lyonnais club, his ground is Parc Olympique L'Olympique Lyonis.
The Olympique Lyonnais club, whose ground is Parc OlympiqueLyonnais, is affiliated with the US National Soccer Club. Its player is Aleksandre Guruli.
Siniša Mihajlović is manager of A.C. Milan, which has Alessio Romagnoli as its player. He plays for the Italy national under-16 football team.
A.C. Milan's manager is Siniša Mihajlović and he has had Alessio Romagnoli as his back up player. He plays for US Cattalonia and A.C > Milan.
Daniele Zoratto is the manager of the Italy national under-16 football team, which is also home to A.S. Roma's Alessio Romagnoli.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and plays for U.C. Sampdoria. He is also a member of the Italy National Under-17 Football Team.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and is a member of the Anyang Hall club. His height is 1.9304.
Alex Plante was born in Canada and is a member of the Anyang Hall club. He has a height of 1.9304.
Alex Tyus is in the Euroleague and plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. His manager is Zvi Sherf.
Alex Tyus is in the Turkish Basketball SuperLeague and plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. His manager is Zvi Sherf.
The ground of FC Spartak Magedin is the Otkrytiye Arena. They have had Aleksandr Prudnikov as their manager, who has also played for FC Tom Tomsk.
The FC Anzhi Makhachkala and youth club FC Spartak are both in the same club. The latter club's ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov. The club, who have had Aleksandr Chumakov as their manager, were in the 2014 – 15 Russian Premier League season.
The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. They have had Abel Hernández as their manager who plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Sergey Sobyanin is the leader of Moscow, the birthplace of Aleksandr Chumakov who died in Russia.
Abner ( footballer ) plays for the Brazil national under-20 football team and Real Madrid Castilla. His manager is Luis Miguel Ramis.
Abner ( footballer ) plays for C.D. FAS and Real Madrid Castilla. His manager is Luis Miguel Ramis.
Alex Tyus was born in St Louis, which is part of Greater St. Louis and is lead by Francis G Slay.
Akeem Ayers was a member of the New England Patriots, but now plays for the Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team. He is affiliated with the United Petrotrin F.C. club whose ground is in Palo Seco.
The 1995 V8 is 5.6 kilometres long and has an escape velocity of 0.0925 ( kilometer per second ). It's apoapsis is 6603633000.0 meters long.
The discoverer of the 2009 FD is Spacewatch. It has a periapsis of 88234300000.0 and an orbital period of 39447000.0.
The apoapsis of 1998 RO1 is 254989570.0 metres long and has 500.0 ( kelvins ) and -71.0 degree Celsius.
The density of the 1999 KW4 is 2.0 ( gram per cubic kilometer ), it's average speed is 37.16 kilometres per second and its apoapsis 162164091.8388 meters long.
The orbital period of 1000 Piazzia is 488160.0 and it was established on 2015-06-27. Its periapsis is 352497000000.
The 1001 Gaussia periapsis, formerly known as 1923 OAA907XC, was founded on 27th June 2015. It has a total area of 419113394.55312 ( kilometres ).
The escape velocity of 101 Helena is 0.0348 ( kilometres per second ), it's length is 3.0 kilometres and its apoapsis 441092000 meters long.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed is American national, Walter Baade, who was a student at the University of Göttingen.
James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin, was the discoverer of 103 Hartera which was born on 27th August 2011.
James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin, was the discoverer of 103 Harte and died from peritonitis.
103 Hera, located in the region of Apoapsis, has 1622.213 ( days ) of orbital time and was part of the epoch 2011-08-27.
103Hera is located 170 meters above sea level and has an escape velocity of 0.0482 kilometres per second. Its apoapsis is 437170000.0 ( kilometres ) long.
N.R. Pogson was born in England and was the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894VA or A904 V., has 1202.846 ( days ) of orbital time and was born on November 26th, 2005.
1089 Tama periapsis is 373513000.0 kilometres long and was established on the 27th of November, 2005.
1097 Vicia, formerly known as 1928 PC, was founded on the 31st of January, 2006. Its periapsis is 279142000000.
The 109 Felicitas has 7.5 (kilograms ) of mass and its orbital period is 139705000.0. It was born on the 31st of January, 2006.
The 109 Felicitas apoapsis 523329000.0 ( kilometres ) was established on the 31st of January, 2006. It has an orbital period of 139705000.0.
10 Hygiea apoapsis has a length of 523951582.57 days and 16.76 kilometres per second.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and a length of 16.76 ( kilometres per second ). Its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 meters long.
10 Hygiea apoapsis has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and a temperature of 164.0 (kelvins ). It is 523951582 metres long.
110 Lydia, which has 6.7 kilograms of mass, is part of the periapsis family. It was established in the year 2006-12-31 and has an epoch of 377016000000.
110Lydia, which is located in the region of 110 Lydia, has an apoapsis of 440756000.0 ( kilometres ) and a periapis of 377016000000. It was established on the 31st of January, 2006.
The 1955 Dodge, also known as the " Dodge Coronet ", has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission.
A-Rosa Luna, a 125800.0 (millimetres ) long cruise ship, was ordered on 22 January 2004.
A-Rosa Luna has a length of 125800.0 metres, a surface area of 1850.0 square metres and a total of 24.0 (tonnes ).
AIDA Cruises, owned by Costa Croiere, is the operator of AID Astella which is located in Germany.
AID Astella was in service on 17 March 2013 and was christened on 16 March 2013. Its length is 253260.0 metres.
The American Locomotive company is the builder of the ALCORS-3 which has a 4-stroke engine and 17068.8 meters long.
The ALCO RRS-3 was built by the American Locomotive company. It has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 meters long.
The American Locomotive company was founded in Schenectady, New York and is the builder of ALCORS-3 which has a length of 17068.8 (millimetres ).
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the demonym for people living there is Americans. The country is the origin of the book, ALV X-1.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the book AlV X-1 was published.
The 1.524 km long ALV X-1 is the surface area of the second stage of the 2nd runway of the ALVX-1 which has 1,524 rockets in it.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, with a Straight-four engine, was produced in 1958 and has the body style of a Coupé.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a two-door, 2160.0 meters long, 1.55 metres in length.
The icebreaker was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is 21.2 in length.
The capital city of Italy is Rome where Alfa Romeo 164 is located. The company is related to the Fiat Croma.
Alfa Romeo 164 is located in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. It is related to Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164, which is in Arese, is a member of the Lancia Thema club. It is also related to the Fiat Croma.
Alfa Romeo 164, which is in Milan, is part of the Saab 9000 and the Fiat Croma groups.
Alhambra, 8.3 metres long and 63800 metres long, was started on the 31st of May, 1955.
Alhambra, which is now " Wrecked ", was originally launched on the 31st of May, 1955 and has a length of 8.3 metres.
Alvis Car and Engineering company, which was founded in Coventry, is the manufacturer of Alvis Speed 25 which uses " petrol " as an engine.
The key person for American Motors is Roy D. Chapman Jr. They are the manufacturer of the AMC Matador and Eagle (automobile ).
The United States is the origin of the Antares ( rocket ), which was designed by the Yuzhnoye design office and is a competitor to the Delta II.
The Antares ( rocket ) was designed by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and is a " Medium Expendable Launch System ". It is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The Guiana Space Centre is the location of the ELA-3 which is the home of the Ariane 5, which was designed by Arianespace.
The 5.3 litre long Aston Martin V8 is found in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It is a type of transport vehicle called the " Aston Martin DBS ".
The UK assembly of the 5.3 litre long Aston Martin V8 is also related to the transport of the Aston Martin DBS.
The United States is the origin of the Atlas II which was operated by the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It was also used by the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is called the President. The country is the origin of the book Atlas II.
The United States is the origin of the Atlas II, which was operated by the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and is located at the Spaceport International Airport.
The Audi A1 is a 1.2-litre, 2-seat, 4-cylindrated, 3-door hatchback which was built in the Audi Brussels assembly plant.
The Audi A1 is a type of transport for the Volkswagen Polo and SEAT Ibiza. It is produced by Audi.
AID Aluna's power type is the Caterpillar International which was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois.
AID Aluna is owned by AIDA Cruises, it's power type is a Caterpillar which is located in Illinois.
AID Astella is owned by Costa Crociere, which is located in Genoa, and operated by AIDA Cruises.
The United States is the origin of the Antares ( rocket ) as well as the Delta II, which was operated by the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
The headquarters of Guiana Space Centre, located in French Guiana, is the location of ELA-3, the site of the Ariane 5 launch.
The Guiana Space Centre, located in Kourou, French Guiana, is the location of the ELA-3 launch site for the Ariane 5 mission.
A-Rosa Luna was built by the architect Neptun Werft, who is located in the city of Rostock, in the country of Germany.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the demonym for people living there is Americans. The country is the origin of the book Atlas II.
Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart. He was involved in battles at the Battle of Fredericksburg and The Battle of Fredericksburg.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. He is part of the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
Abu Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and is the successor to Abdul Rahman Yakub who has Stephen Jong Kuet Tze as his deputy.
Abu Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and is affiliated with the Barisan Raayat Jati Sarawaks party.
The Chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) is called Abdulsalami Abubakar who was born in the Niger State. He graduated from the Technical Institute, Kaduna and worked as a doctor.
The Nigerian Air Force is the base of the army of Abdulsalami Abubakar who was once a fighter pilot. His successor is Olusegun Obasanjo who served as Vice President and is now a politician.
The leader of the Nigerian army is the commander of the Abdulsalami Abubakar force. His predecessor is Vice President Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain and worked as a member of the Congress of Deputies.
The Spanish Socialist Workers Party is the political party of Abel Caballero, who was born in Galicia, Spain.
Abner W. Sibal is a US Army fighter who was involved in the battles of World War II where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal, who was born in Ridgewood, Queens, worked for the Republican Party ( U.S. ) and is a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
The Grenadier Guards is the base of Adam Holloway who was involved in battles at the Gulf War where the commander was George H.W. Bush.
The Conservative Party ( UK ) is the political party of Adam Holloway who was born in Faversham and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Born in Congress Poland, Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War where the commander was Leon Trotsky.
The Polish-Soviet War is part of the Russian Civil War and was fought by Adam Koc and Leon Trotsky.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked at the Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as a Minister for Health.
Adonis Georgiadis, who is in office while Prime Minister Antonis Samaras, is part of the New Democracy ( Greece ) party which has blue as its colour.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader. She worked at the House of Representatives ( Netherlands ) but now lives in the Netherlands.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. She is affiliated with the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ).
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. She worked as a member of the House of Representatives and also served as a magistrate.
Airey Neave was a fighter in World War II who was active between 1953-06-30 and 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave was a fighter in World War II who was active between 1974-03-04 and 1979-03.30.
Albert B. White was born on the 22nd of September, 1856 and died on the 3rd of July, 1941.
Albert B. White, who was born in Marietta, Ohio, is the spouse of Agnes Ward White. His predecessor was William M.O. Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born on Staten Island and died in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in New Mexico. He was born on Staten Island.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in the United States. He was born on Staten Island, New York.
The governing body of Buenos Aires, led by the City Legislature and led by Horacio Rodriguez Larreta, is the Buenos Aires Council. The city is the location of the death place of Alberto Teisaire.
The Rear Admiral, Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and is the predecessor of Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol, Austria and died in Graz.
Alfred N. Phillip was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district. He worked for Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillip was born in Darien, Connecticut and is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district. He worked at the office of Albert E. Austin.
Wilfred R. Curtis Jr. is the successor to Senator Allan Shivers, who is affiliated with the Democratic Party ( United States ) and served as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ).
Alvah Sabin, who was born on March 3rd, 1857, is from the region of Vermont where the largest city is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin was born on October 23rd, 1793 and is a member of the United States's Whig Party which is lead by Henry Clay.
Alvah Sabin, born in Georgia, was a member of the United States's Whig Party ( led by Daniel Webster ).
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and was a fighter in the American Civil War where Abraham Lincoln was the commander.
The Alfred Moore Scales was involved in battles at the Battle of Frederickericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War and was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Alfons Gorbach was born in County of Tyrol, Austria and died in Austria. The leader of Austria is called Doris Bures.
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol. He died in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria, Austria. The leader of Austria is called Doris Bures.
The Battle of Salem Church is part of the American Civil War and was fought by Robert E Lee and Aaron S. Daggett.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is from the Netherlands where the currency is the euro.
The Polish language is spoken in Poland where Adam Koc is an ethnic group and one of the ethnic groups is the Kashubians.
The comic book character, Aaron Bertram, who is in the genre of Ska punk, is associated with the band, the Suburban Legends. One of the members of the club is Brian Roberts ( trombonist ). Other notable names for a comic book writer, one of whose alter ego is the Kids Imagine Nation.
The character of Aaron Deer, who is a member of the Indiana State Assembly, is a part of the genre of Psychedelia. He was born in Indianapolis and performs as a solo singer.
The Singing-based comic book character Aaron Turner, who is a member of the Electroacoustic genre, is also associated with both the band Sumac and the band Isis.
The character of Aaron Turner, who was born in 1995, is associated with both the post-metal genre and the rock band Twilight. He is also a member of the New Man Gloom and the associated band of the same name.
The Black Metal genre, which is part of the deathmetal genre, is represented by the band Black Metal. The leader of this genre is Eric Turner, who has an electric guitar and is associated with the band Sumac.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in Stockholm. He was a member of the Apollo 12 crew and later became a solo singer.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in the country of Sweden. He was a member of the National Assembly and later became a solo singer.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982. He was a member of the Apollo 12 crew and served as a songwriter.
Ace Wilder was born in 1982 in the country of Sweden. He was a member of the Apollo 12 crew and later became a songwriter.
The American Ahmet Ertegun, who is a member of the Rhythm and blues genre, was born in Washington, D.C. and performs as a non-performing person.
Ahmet Ertegun is an American who was born in the United States. He is a member of the African American ethnic group. He plays in the rock and roll genre, which has the blues as its main genre.
Albennie Jones, who was born in 1950, is part of the genre of Rhythm and blues, which is also known as a variation on the blues genre. One of the sub-stages of rock 'n blues is Disco.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. He is a member of the Jazz genre, which has the blues style of music.
The character, Aleksandra Kovač, was born in Belgrade in 1972. She is a member of the Pop Music genre and has a background as a solo singer.
The Socialist Republic of Serbia is the birthplace of Aleksandra Kovač, who was born in 1972. She is a member of the R&B genre and plays as a solo singer.
Alex Day, who is a member of the Chameleon circuit along with Charlie McDonnell and Charlie McDonnell, is an Acoustic Musician who was active in 2006.
Alex Day, who is in the genre of Electronic music, was born in 2006. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circle ( band ).
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872. He was born at Manchester and died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where the leader is Daniel Martínez. The demonym of the inhabitants of Uruguay is Uruguayans and the country is lead by a politician.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and is a member of the Candombe genre. He is a character in RCA Records and performs as a solo singer.
Alison Odonnell, who was born in 1963, is a member of the Folk Music genre. She is associated with both Bajik and the comic book character Flibbertigibbet.
Alison O'Donnell, who was born in 1963, is a member of the Folk Music genre. She is associated with both Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving.
The comic book character Alison O'Neil, who is also known by the name of her alter ego Deram Records, is a member of the Jazz genre. She has also been associated with the company Deram Reissues, which is located in London and is the publisher of Floating World Records.
The Fruits de Merrecords and Deram Records, located in London, are the labels of Alison O'Neil, who is a member of the Jazz genre.
The character of Allen Forrest, who is a member of the Acoustic Musuem, was born in Fort Campbell in 1981. His background is as a rock 'n'roll singer.
Born in Fort Campbell, KY, was born in Dothan, Alabama in 1981. He was a member of the Hip Hop genre and performed as a solon.
Andrew White ( Musician ), who is associated with Marry Banilow, is a member of the Alternative Rock genre. This genre, which has the Nu Metal genre as it's roots, is also known as Punk rock.
The rock musician Anders Osborne is associated with both the musicians Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He is also a member of the band Galactic along with the comic book writer Gary Flint.
Alligator Records, which is located in Chicago and is part of the genre of blues, is the publisher of Anders Osborne's records. The book was preceded by the publication of his own albums, which were produced by Shanachie Records.
Born in Romania, Andra ( a.k.a. Andra ) is a member of the Dance Pop genre and performs as a solon.
The genre of Andra ( singer ) is Rhythm and blues. It is also known as a variation on the genre of Funk or Disco.
Andrew Rayel, who is part of the Trance genre, was born in 2009. He is associated with both Christian Burns and Jon Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the House Music genre and is also associated with Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine.
Andrew White ( born in 2003 ) is a member of the alternative rock genre. He is also associated with both Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs.
Andrew White ( born in 2003 ) is a member of the Marry Banilow and associated band with Karlie Chiefs. He is the owner of the Universal Records ( now defunct ) record label.
Agustín Barboza died in Asunción, part of Gran Asuncion, in Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara.
Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) is part of the genre of country music, where Banjo is one of the instruments. He is also associated with the band The Wildweeds and the Musically-oriented bookwriter, NR BQ.
The character Allen Forrest is part of the genre of Hiphop, which is also known as Funk and Disco. It's also known for being influenced by drum and bass.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and was a member of the Greater Manchester council led by the Labour Party.
The Cello is an instrument in Post-metal, the genre of which Aaron Turner is a member. He is associated with the House of Low Culture and the Twilight ( band ).
The Black Metal genre, which is also known as deathmetal, is the genre of Black Metal. One of the members of this genre is the electric guitar player, Aaron Turner, who has also been associated with the band, Twilight.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African American. He is a member of the genre of Rhythm and blues, which has the sub-structure of blues.
The manager of SV Werder Bremen II is Alexander Nouri. The club, which is in the 3 Liga league, is managed by Aaron Hunt. His own club is SV Werder Bromen II.
The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández is a member of the club and plays for both Peñarol and Central Español.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is manager of the Peñarol, which is affiliated with the Central Español club. It is also home to U.S. Città di Palermo youth member Abel Hernández.
The manager of U.S. Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini. The club is in the Serie A league, and has a member of the youth club Peñarol. It also has a player called Abel Hernández.
The birth place of Adam McQuaid is Prince Edward Island, he was born on the 12th of October 1986. He has 94.8024 ( kilometres ) of total body area.
Don Sweeney is the general manager of Boston Bruins who have had Adam McQuaid as their manager. He was also a player for the Columbus Blue Jackets, who are based in the city of Columbus, Ohio.
Akeem Ayers was born on July 10th, 1989. He was a member of the Tennessee Titans and played for the St Louis Rams.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on the 27th of September 1987. He was a member of the Houston Texans.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on the 27th of September 1987. He was a member of the Houston Texans and also played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawraa SC and Al-Kharaitiyat SC. He is manager of Al Kharaitiiat SC whose ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Iraq national under-23 football team and AlKharaitiyat SC. He has also been manager of Al Kharaitiiat SC whose ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is affiliated with the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and plays for AlKharaitiyat SC. His manager is Amar Osim and their ground is in AlKhor.
Alan Martin was born on January 1st, 1989. He is a member of the Hamilton Academy, plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and has a height of 185.42 metres.
Alan Martin was born on January 1st, 1989. He is a member of the Crewe Alexandra F.C. club and plays for the Scotland national under-21 football team. His height is 185.42 ( centimetres ).
The height of Aleksandr Prudnikov is 185.0 (centimetres ) and he was born on the 24th of February, 1989. He is a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar and plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
The 19-year-old Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February, 1989. He has been a player for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Rubin Kazan. His height is 185.0 ( metres ).
The height of Aleksandre Guruli is 178.0 (centimetres ) and he was born in Batumi. He is a member of FC Karpaty Lviv and plays for FC Zestafoni.
Alex Plante was born on 09/05/1989 in the country of Canada. He was a member of the Anyang Hall club.
Alex Plante was born in the country of Canada in 1989. He is a member of the Anyang Hall club and has a height of 1.9304.
The leader of the country of Canada is Elizabeth II and the anthem is O.C.. The language spoken in the country is Inuktitut and one of its leaders is Aaron Boogaard.
The Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in the country which is lead by Elizabeth II. The anthem of the country is O Canada and one of its leaders is Aaron Boogaard.
The leader of the country of Canada is Elizabeth II. The national anthem is O.C. and one of the languages spoken is the Slavey language. It is also the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard.
The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rasukimov. The club has its ground in the city of Grazny and their player is Aleksandr Prudnikov who is affiliated with the club FC Kuban Krasnodar.
The manager of FC TorpedoMoscow is Valery Petrakov, they played the 2014-15 season in the Russian Premier League. Their chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov, who has represented the club FC Torpogor. His own club is FC Torpatrov.
Akeem Dent, who was a member of the Atlanta Falcons, played for Houston Texans ( Houston, Texas ).
The manager of the Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. The club has had Abel Hernández as its manager who plays for both Peñarol ( in the Uruguayan Primera Division ) and Hull City AFC.
The 198788850000.0 kilometer long orbital periapsis of the 1994 Vk8 is 6155910000000. It has an apoapis of 6603633000.0 and was established on the 31st of January, 2006.
The 14th of November 2013 was the start of the 2014-11-04. The year 1998-01-04 saw the birth of the rock formation known as the " 1998-RO1 ". This rock formation has a length of 360.29 ( days ), an escape velocity of 0.0999 metres per second and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 meters.
The 16th of November 2013 was the start of the 1998 RO1 epoch. It has 265.0 (kelvins ), an orbital length of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570 metres.
The escape velocity of 1000 Piazzia is 0.0252 ( kilometres per second ) and it has 488160.0 minutes. It was part of the epoch 2015-06-27 and has a periapsis of 352497000000.
Sergey Belyavsky is the discoverer of 1001 Gaussia which was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC. It was established on July 27th, 2015 and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 ( kilometres ).
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed is Walter Baade, who was born in German Empire. He attended the University of Göttingen and then went on to become a doctoral student with Allan Sandage.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed is Walter Baade, who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf. He graduated from the University of Göttingen and went on to become a doctoral student at Halton Arp.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed is Walter Baade, who was a student at the University of Göttingen and went on to become a doctoral student at Halton Arnp. He died in West Germany.
James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin, was a student at University of Michigan. He was the discoverer of 103 Harte and died from peritonitis.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and is a national of the United States. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera which has 437170000.0 ( kilometres ) of apoapsis.
James Craig Watson was an American who was the discoverer of 103 Harte. He died in Madison, Wisconsin and died of peritonitis.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He was the discoverer of 107 Camilla which has 479343000.0 ( kilometres ) periapsis.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He was the discoverer of 107 Camilla, which was found on 2001-03-01.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894VA or A904 V., has a periapsis of 288749000000. Its orbital period is 1202.846 days and it was established on the 27th of November, 2005.
1089 Tama, which is part of the apoapsis, has an escape velocity of 0.0068 meters per second and a total space time of 1202.846 ( days ). It was established on November 26th, 2005.
1097 Vicia has 9.8 kilometres of space, 511592000.0 meters of apoapsis, 135589000.0 minutes of orbital time and was established on the 31st of December, 2006.
The 109 Felicitas periapsis is 283326000000. It was established on the 31st of January, 2006. It has an escape velocity of 0.0473 ( kilometres per second ) and an orbital period of 139705000.0.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900GA, has 5.57 days of orbital time and was established on 2015-06-27. Its periapsis is 416136000000.
1101 Clematis was established on the 31st of January, 2006. It has an apoapsis 520906000.0 ( kilometres ), an orbital length of 183309000 and 0.02 kilometer per second.
1101 Clematis, formerly known as 1928 SJ., was born on the 31st of January, 2006. Its periapsis is 445895000000 and its orbital period is 183309000.
1101 Clematis periapsis has an escape velocity of 0.02 ( kilometres per second ) and 183309000.0 minutes. It was established on the 31st of January, 2006.
The 1955 Dodge is a 120.0 (inches ) long, 3-speed automatic, and has a V8 engine.
DeSoto ( automobile ) and DeSoto Firedome are related by being the suppliers of the 1955 Dodge and also being the carriers of the Chrysler Newport's services.
AID Astella, owned by Costa Croreiro, was designed by the architect Meyer Werft. It is operated by AIDA Cruises, which is located in Rostock.
AID Astella is owned by Costa Croiere and operated by AIDA Cruises. It was designed by the architect Meyer Werft and has a length of 253260.0 metres.
The American Locomotive company was the builder of the ALCO RRS-3 which was built in May 1950 and August 1955. It has a V12 engine and a Diesel-electric transmission.
The American Locomotive company was the builder of the ALCORS-3 which was built in May 1950 and has a length of 17068.8 metres. It uses a V12 engine.
The American Locomotive company was founded in Schenectady, New York, United States and is the builder of ALCORS-3 which has 17068.8 meters long.
The ALCORS-3 was built between August 1955 and May 1950 at the Montreal Locomotive Works. It has a V12 engine and a Diesel-electric transmission.
The ALCO RRS-3 was built between May 1950 and August 1955 at the Montreal Locomotive Works. It has 12 cylinders and a Four-stroke engine.
The AMC Matador ( also known as American Motors Matador ) is a Stationwagon that is found in Mexico City. It's engine is the AMC V8.
The AMC Matador ( also known as VAM Classic ) is a Mid-size Car that is found in Kenosha, Wisconsin. It's main engine is the AMC Straight 6.
The Acura TLX is a Mid-size Car which was built in Marysville, Ohio. The Honda K-engine is the main source of power for the Acura LX which has a " front-wheel drive " and all-wheel drives.
The Acura TLX is a Luxury Vehicle which was built at the Marysville auto plant. It has a V6 engine and a Front-engine design.
The icebreaker, a 21.2-metre long construction project, was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It is now in service.
The leader of the country of Finland is Juha Sipilä where the people who live there are called Finns. The country is the location of the icebreaker, which was built by the architect, Aleksey Chirikov, in Helsinki.
The icebreaker, which is in service, was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It was also designed by the architects of the Heliport based company, Helsinki. The icebreaker has a length of 21.2.
Alfa Romano 164 is found in Italy. It is a variant of the Lancia Thema and the Saab 9000. Its main engine is a Straight-four.
Alfa Romeo 164 is a V6-engineed Italian assembly. It is part of the Siofa Romano Transportation system, which is also home to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
Alhambra, which is now lost, was built on 1855-05-31, has a length of 63800.0 metres and 8.3 meters.
Alvis Car and Engineering company was founded in Coventry and is owned by its parent company, the Rover company. It is the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed 25 which uses a " petrol " engine.
Alvis Car and Engineering company was founded in Coventry and is owned by its parent company, the Rover company. It is the manufacturer of Alvis Speed 25 which has a Straight-six engine.
The AMC Matador is a vehicle that is owned by American Motors, the parent company of which is Chrysler. Roy D. Chapman Jr. is one of the key people at American Motors. The Eagle (automobile ) is also a competitor of American Motors.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by the General Dynamics Electric Boat. It was launched on 25 January 1969 and has a length of 3.8 metres and a top speed of 8.334.
The American submarine NR-1 was first launched on 25 January 1969. Its length is 45000.0 metres and 3.8 meters long. It has a top speed of 8.334.
The Antares ( rocket ) was designed by the Yuzhnoye Design Office. It was first used on April 21st, 2013 and its last flight was October 28th, 2014. It is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The Antares ( rocket ) was designed by the Yuzhnoye Design Office. It was first used on April 21, 2013 and its last flight was September 18th, 2013. It is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The capital city of the United Kingdom is London which is the location of the assembly of the Aston Martin V8. The V8 was followed by the Aston Martyr V8, which was produced by the company Aston Martin.
The UK assembly of the 5.3 litre long Aston Martin V8 is also home to two other types of transport : the Aton Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Aston Martin V8 is a 5.3 litre, 200-metre long aircraft found in the country. It was designed by the architects of the Arundel Bridge and is related to the transport mission of the Aston Martin DBS.
The Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Vandenberg Air Force Base are the location of the Atlas II's launches. It was completed on 05/05/2002 and has a total length of 3.04 metres.
The Audi A1 is a Supermini which was built in Brussels. It has 1.2 ( litres ) engines, a front-engine, and a back-wheel-drive layout.
The Audi A1 is a subsidiary of the Audi e-tron division, which was founded by August Horch. It is owned by its subsidiary Ducati.
AID Aluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. It's power type is a Caterpillar which was founded in California and is now located in Illinois.
Meyer Werft is the architect of AID Astella which is owned by Costa Crociere ( located in Genoa ) and operated by AIDA Cruises.
The US is the origin of the Antares ( rocket ) which was used by the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The Antares is a competitor to the Delta II which was also used at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The United States is the origin of the Antares ( rocket ) as well as the Delta II. The latter was also used by the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
The Alfa Romeo 164, which has a body style of the Sedan, is an Italian assembly. It is a type of transport similar to the Opel Vectra and the Fiat Croma.
The Alfa Romeo 164, which is a variant of the Sedan (automobile ), is found in Milan. It is related to both the Opel Vectra and the Fiat Croma.
The General Dynamics Electric Boat is owned by its parent company General Dynamics and is located in the city of Groton, Connecticut. It was the builder of the American submarine NR-1 which has a length of 3.8 metres.
The architect of A-Rosa Luna was Neptun Werft, who is located in the city of Rostock, in the country of Germany, which is lead by Stanislaw Tillich.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is the language spoken. The capital city is Washington D.C. and the country is the origin of Atlas II.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the demonym for people living there is Americans. The capital city is Washington D.C. and the country is the origin of Atlas II.
The American Civil War hero, Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded the Purple Heart.
Born in Maine, Aaron S.Daggett was a fighter in the Battle of the Wilderness. He was awarded the Purple Heart. He died in West Roxbury.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam, which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs. He worked for the Netherlands's Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport.
Abu Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia. He is part of the Asajaya region and is affiliated with the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Brasil. His residence is in Kuching.
Abu Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is part of the Asajaya region. He is affiliated with the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party.
Abu Taib Mahmud is the leader of the Barisan Raayat Jati Sarawak party. He was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo and has a residence in the city. His predecessor was Adenan Satem.
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo. He is the leader of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu, where Abdul Taib Mahmud is also a member. His residence is Sarawak.
Vice President and leader of the Nigerian Army, Abdulsalami Abubakar is also a leader in politics. He was preceded by predecessor Oladipo Diya and his successor is Atiku Abutakar.
The Nigerian Air Force is the base of the Abdulsalami Abubakar force. The leader of the country is Vice President Mike Akhigbe who was preceded by Oladipo Diya. His predecessor is Al-Amin Daggash.
The Prime Minister Felipe González and the Monarch of Spain, Juan Carlos I of Spain ( whose predecessor was Francisco Francois ) are both office-holders of Abel Caballero who was born in Galicia.
The Spanish Socialist Worker Party is the political organization for Abel Caballero, who was born in Spain in Galicia. He worked as a minister of transport and is affiliated with the Spanish Socialist Party.
Abraham A.Ribicoff was an American who was born in New Britain, Connecticut. He is the spouse of Casey Robicoff. One of the ethnic groups of the United States are Native Americans.
Born in Kent, Adam Holloway was a student at Magdalene College, Cambridge. He was involved in the United States Navy and fought in the Gulf War. He began his career in 2005-05-05.
The Polish language is spoken in Poland where Adam Koc, a national of Poland, was involved in battles at the Polish-Soviet War. The commander of Poland was called Joseph Stalin.
The Polish-Soviet War is part of the Russian Civil War and was fought by Adam Koc. It was commanded by General Joseph Stalin. The war is the last of Adam Kogoc's battles. He died in New York City.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked for the Vice President of New Democracy and his successor is Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked for the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism ( Greece ) and his successor is Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He served as a member of the Hellenic Parliament and his successor is Makis Voridis.
The leader of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) is Emile Roemer. The country's currency is the euro and one of its leaders is Agnes Kant.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is a leader. She is affiliated with the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) and worked for the House of Representatives.
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte. Emile Roemer, who is part of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ), is also a leader in the Netherlands. Agnes Kant is an American national.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands and is part of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) which is lead by Emile Roemer. The party's colours are red.
Airey Neave was born in the town of Knightsbridge, London. He was a fighter in the Battle of France and was active between 1953-06-30 and 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. He was a fighter in the Battle of France. He started to work for NASA on 1974-03-04 and retired on March 30th, 1979.
Airey Neave was a fighter in the World War II where Chiang Kai-shek was the commander. He was a member of the Royal Artillery which has its headquarters in Hohne.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His predecessor was William M. O. Dawson ( born in Bloomington, Maryland ).
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland on the 4th of March, 1901. He was a member of the 1904-03-04 Olympic team and died in Cleveland. His predecessor was William M.O.Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, where French is one of the languages spoken. He was a fighter in the American Civil War, which was commanded by Abraham Lincoln.
Albert Jennings was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. He was a member of the American Civil War which was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Albert Jennings was born on Staten Island, New York, United States. He died in the New Mexico Territory.
The leader of Buenos Aires is Horacio Rodriguez Larreta. The city is the location of the death of the Justicialist Party politician, Alberto Teisaire, who served as a representative of the People's Party and was in office while President Juan Perón was the leader.
The leader of the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate is Alberto Teisaire who was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He served as a member of the National Assembly and as a Rear Admiral. His predecessor was Isaac Rojas.
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina and is a member of the Democratic Party ( United States ). He worked for the governor of North Carolina before being chosen by Daniel Gould Fowle as his successor.
Alfred N. Phillip was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S House of Representatives from the 4th district. He was also a fighter in the United States army, which was involved in battles at the Whiskey Rebellion. His office is located in the US Army and he worked at the base.
Alfred N. Phillip was born in Connecticut and is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district. He is affiliated with the Democratic Party and worked for Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillip was born in Darien, Connecticut and is a member of the Democratic Party ( United States ). He served as Mayor of Stamford, and is the successor to Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and is a member of the Democratic Party ( United States ). He worked for the governor of Texas and his predecessor was Price Daniel.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and is a member of the Democratic Party ( United States ). He worked for the governor of Texas and his successor is Wilfred R. Cousins Jr.
Alvah Sabin is the Secretary of State of the state of Vermont where the largest city is Burlington. He is also in the region of the 3rdcongressional district.
The leader of the United States is Daniel Webster. The largest city in Vermont is Burlington and this is where Alvah Sabin is from. He is affiliated with the Whig Party ( United States ).
The American Civil War was fought in the Battle of Gettysburg, which is part of the United States. The commander of the American Civil war was Robert E Lee and one of the soldiers who fought there was Aaron S. Daggett, who has won the Purple Heart.
Juan Perón is the leader of the Labour Party ( Argentina ) where Spanish is spoken. The country is the nationality of national leader, Alberto Teisaire who served as advisor to the President.
Juan Perón is the leader of the Labour Party ( Argentina ). His predecessor was Albert Teisaire who was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He served as advisor to the President and his successor was Isaac Rojas.
The character, Aaron Bertram, is part of the punk rock genre. He is also associated with the band, the Suburban Legends, along with the trombonist, Brian Roberts and the comic book writer, Eric Flint. His own club is the Kids Imagine Nation.
The US national, Aaron Deer, who is a member of the Indie rock genre, was born in Indiana. His main occupation is a solo singer and he is also associated with the band, Wee Giant.
The US national, Aaron Turner, who is part of the Black Metal genre, was a member of the band Lotus Eaters and associated with the rock band, The Old Man Gloom. He began his career in 1995.
The American, Aaron Turner, who was born in Massachusetts, is the creator of the genre of Sludge Metal. He has also been associated with the band Lotus Eaters and the band Twilight. His career began in 1995.
Abradab was born in Poland on 12 November 1978. He was a member of the Kaliber 44 along with Magik ( rapper ).
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in the country of Sweden. He was a member of the Singing club and performed as a solon.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in Stockholm. He was a member of the National Singers and served as a songwriter.
Ace Wilder is a member of the Hiphop genre, which has many different aspects. It includes the subgenre of Gangsta rap, as well as being influenced by both drum and bass. It is also known as Funk and Disco.
Ace Wilder was born in the country of Sweden and is a member of the Hip Hop genre. This genre, which has both drum and bass in it, is also known as Funk and Disco.
Al Anderson was born in Windsor, Connecticut. He was a member of the NRBQ band, which is part of the rock genre. The band's active years began in 1966 and their associated band is called The Wildweeds.
Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) is an American rock musician who plays the guitar. He is a member of the NR BQ band, which is also known for being associated with Bhangra. The genre of rock music, which has roots in Country Music, is largely focussed on guitars.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada. He was a Musician and his main occupation was as a solon.
The Socialist Republic of Serbia is the birthplace of Aleksandra Kovač who was born in 1972. She is a member of the Pop Music genre, which is part of the genre of Disco. She has a background as a solo singer.
Kornelije Kovač and Kovaçsisters Duo are the supporting groups for Aleksandra Kovacek who is a member of the K2, a rock and blues group. She was born as a solstinger and began working as a Musician in 1990.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872. He was a United Kingdom national who died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in London. Boris Johnson is the leader of London, which is lead by the European Parliament. Alfred Garth Jhon died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, which is lead by the Labour Party. He died in London, where the leader is the European Parliament.
Alison O'Donnell, who was born in 1963 and is a member of the Folk Music of Ireland, is the author of Floating World Records. She is also associated with both Mellow Candle and the comic book character Flibbertigibbet.
Alison Odonnell is the author of Stanyan Records and Deram Records ( located in London ). She is also a member of the Jazz genre, which has Funk as one of its members.
Jazz is the genre of Afrobeat and is also known as a jazz. It is influenced by the Folk Music genre. One of its members is Alison Odonnell, who plays with the Autoharp.
Alison Odonnell, who is a member of the Afrobeat genre, plays for Jazz. She has many different instruments including voice, bodhrán, percussion, and arrharp. Jazz ( also known as Funk ) is influenced by both blues and funk.
The character of Allen Forrest, who is a member of the Acoustic Musuem, was born in Dothan, Alabama in 1981. His birth place was Fort Campbell and he performed as a solon.
The rocker Anders Osborne, who was born in 1989, is associated with the following people : Billie Iuso and Gary Gubbio. He is also a member of the community of the Wetlands All-Stars.
The blues-based Anders Osborne, who was born in 1989, is associated with both the comic book writer Billy Iuso and the Musicians of NASA. He is also a member of the following clubs : The Galactic, along with David Benoit and Tab Benoit.
Câmpia Turzii is the birthplace of Andra ( singer ) who was born in 1986. He was a member of the Dance Pop genre and went on to become a reality TV judge.
Born in Romania in 1986, Andra ( a.k.a. Andra ) is a member of the Singing genre. His main occupation is as a solon and he has also performed in Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the Trance Music genre, which has its origins in Pop. He is associated with the following people : Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark 6ma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexis Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tsun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. He is a member of the Trance music genre. He was associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren. His career began in 2009.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. He was a member of the Trance music genre and began his career in 2009. He is associated with both Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the Trance Music genre. He plays with a String in his body and is associated with John Digweed and Jwaydan Moyine as well as Christian Burns.
Andrew White ( born in 2003 ) is a member of the B-Unique Records, a subsidiary of the Polydor Records. He is also associated with both Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs.
The character Allen Forrest, who was born in Fort Campbell, is part of the genre of Hiphop music. It is also known for being influenced by Disco and Funk. Drum and bass are prominent in this genre.
The character, Allen Forrest, was born in 1981 and is a member of the Hip-Hop genre. The genre, which has been influenced by both drum and bass, is also known as Funk and Disco.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester ( led by the Labour Party ) and died in London. The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London.
Agustín Barboza ( born in Asunción ) died in Paraguay. The leader of the country is Juan Afara, Spanish is spoken there and one of the ethnic groups is the Mestizo.
Andrew White ( Musician ) is the owner of B-Unique Records and also plays in the genre of alternative rock which has numetal as one of its subgenres. He is a member of the Polydor Records club which is located in London.
Andrew White ( Musician ) is a member of the Nu Metal genre. He is the owner of the record company Polydor Records which is located in London. The company is the publisher of Andrew White's albums, which is also known as an alternative rock style of music. His own company is called Universal Records.
Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) is a member of the rock music genre. His main instrument is the guitar. The genre is influenced by both blues and Bhangra.
Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) is a rock star whose genre is rock. Banjo is one of the instruments used in rock 'n'roll, which has blues and bhangra as some of its other genres.
The Black Metal genre, which is also known as deathmetal, is the genre of Black Metal. It is also where the character Aaron Turner, who plays the electric guitar and is a member of the New Man Gloom along with the band Twilight, is from.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, in the country of Uruguay where Spanish is spoken. The leaders of the country are Daniel Martínez and Raúl Fernando Rodriguez.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is manager of the club Central Español who play in the Uruguayan Seunda Division. The club is the youth club for Abel Hernández who plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Magedin, which is owned by Aleksandr Chumakov. He was a member of the Soviet Union national football team and has died in Russia. The leader of the country is Valentina Matviyenko.
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny. Olympique Lyonnais, who's chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas, play at their ground at Parc Olympique L'Engloupis. Their manager is Aleksandre Guruli, who is in the following clubs : FC KarkatyLviv, Olympique l'Olympiis and FC Kolin.
A.C. Milan's manager is Siniša Mihajlović. They play in Serie A in which Alessio Romagnoli is also a member. His position is a defender and he plays for U.C > Sampdoria.
A.C. Milan's chairman is Silvio Berlusconi. Their manager is Siniša Mihajlović. Their former player is the Italy national under-17 football team member, who plays for U.C > Sampdoria and has represented the club AC Milan.
The manager of U.S. Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini. The club is affiliated with the youthclub Central Español, which is in the Uruguayan Seunda Division league. It is also home to Abel Hernández who plays for the Uruguay national football team.
The manager of FC Amkar Perm is Gadzhi Gazhiyev, but it is Aleksandr Prudnikov who plays for FC Spartak Meringue Arena. He is a member of the club FC Amar Perm, whose chairman is Sergey Rodionov, and their ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rakhimov. The club has a ground in the city of Grazny. Their chairman is Sergey Rodionov and their manager is Aleksandr Prudnikov. His club is FC Spartak Meringue but he plays for FC Terenger Os.
The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rasukimov. The club's ground is in the city of Grazny. Its player is Aleksandr Prudnikov who has played for FC Dynamo and FC Spartak Moscow. He is also affiliated with the youth club FC Terengerprudnikov.
Born in the Soviet Union, Aleksandr Chumakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Magedugor. He played for the US national football team and was a player in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League season.
Akeem Adams is attached to the club Ferencvárosi TC who are managed by Thomas Doll. His chairman is Gábor Kubatov and he plays for UnitedPetrotrin FC whose ground is in Palo Seco.
The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll and the chairman is Gábor Kubatov. The club has a ground at the Palo Seco Velodrome. Their manager is Thomas Doll. Akeem Adams is affiliated with the club and plays for United Petrotrin FC.
The 1985-06-31 epoch saw the birth of the Viking 8. It has 5.6 (kilograms ), 6155910000000.0 ( kilometres ) periapsis, and an apoapsis of 6603633000. Its orbital time is 8788850000.0.
James Craig Watson was an American who attended the University of Michigan. He was the discoverer of 101 Helena, which was found on 15th August 1868. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The discoverer of 101 Helena was James Craig Watson, who was born in the state of Michigan and attended the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin. His death was caused by Peritonitis.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed is Walter Baade who was born in the German Empire. He attended the University of Göttingen, where his doctoral advisor was Allan Sandage. He died in Götitingen.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed is Walter Baade who was born in the German Empire. He attended the University of Göttingen and then went onto become a doctoral student at Halton Arp alongside Allan Sandage.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed is American national, Walter Baade who was born in the German Empire. He attended the University of Göttingen and graduated with a doctorate in Science. His doctoral advisor was Allan Sandage.
James Craig Watson is an American who attended the University of Michigan. He was the discoverer of 103 Hartera, which was found on July 7th, 1868. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson is an American who attended the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera which has a periapsis of 371240000.0 ( kilometres ).
B. Zellner is the discoverer of 107 Camilla which was established on the 31st of January, 2006. It has 560937000.0 ( kilometres ) of apoapsis, 2368.05 days of orbital periapsis and 479343000.0 km long.
C. Woods was the discoverer of 107 Camilla which is 2368.05 ( days ) long, 560937000 metres in length, 479343000.0 ( kilometres ) periapsis, and was established on January 31, 2006.
F.Vilas is the discoverer of 107 Camilla which was established on the 31st of December, 2006. It has 560937000.0 ( kilometres ) of apoapsis, 479343000.0 periapsis and 2368.05 days of orbital time.
N R Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He was an Englishman who was the discoverer of 107 Camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919HA or 1927 WB, has an escape velocity of 0.0068 meters per second. It is located in the region of 373513000.0 km and has 1202.846 ( days ) of orbital time. The 1089 tama was established on the 27th of November, 2005.
1101 Clematis is 5.7 kilometres long and its apoapsis 520906000.0 metres long. It was established on the 31st of December, 2006. Its escape velocity is 0.02 meters per second and its orbital period 183309000 minutes.
The 11264 Claudiomacone periapsis is 475426000.0 kilometres long, has a temperature of 173.0 (kelvins ) and 1513.722 days. It was established on November 26th, 2005.
AID Astella is owned by Costa Crociere ( parent company : Carnival Corporation & plc ) and operated by AIDA Cruises ( located in Germany ). It was designed by Meyer Werft.
AID Astella is operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft, has a length of 253260.0 ( meters ) and a top speed of 38.2.
The American Locomotive company was the builder of the ALCORS-3 which has 12 cylinders, a 4-stroke engine and is 17068.8 meters long. The building was completed in May 1950 and August 1955.
The American Locomotive company was the builder of the ALCORS-3 which has 12 cylinders, a V12 engine and is 17068.8 meters long. The building was completed in August 1955.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the people are known as Americans. The capital city is Washington D.C. and the national anthem is The Star-Spangled Banner. The country is the origin of the book ALV X-1.
The AMC Matador ( also known as American Motors Matador ) is a type of vehicle that is in the class of Mid-size. It was built in Thames, New Zealand and has the body style of Stationwagon. The engine is called the AMC V8.
The owner of Alhambra is P&O ( located in London ). It was built by the Samuda Brothers and has 8.3 m of length. Its power type is Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes.
American Motors, owned by its subsidiary Wheel Horse, is the manufacturer of the AMC Matador. Roy D. Chapman Jr. is one of the key people at American Motors which was once owned by Chrysler and has a competitor called Eagle.
The American submarine NR-1 was established on 1969-01-25. Its length is 45000.0 metres and its 3.8 m long. It has 4.6 m of water and 8.334 meters of total space.
The Antares ( rocket ) is a US national and is operated by the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. The airport is the home of the Minotaur V and the Delta II.
The Antares ( rocket ) was designed by the Yuzhnoye Design Office. It has a length of 3.9 metres and is operated by the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It was first used on 28 October 2014 and its last flight was 13 July 2014.
The Antares ( rocket ) was designed by the Yuzhnoye Design Office. It has a length of 3.9 metres and was first used on October 28th, 2014 at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its last flight was September 18th, 2013.
The Boeing defence and space company, along with Guiana Space Centre, is the manufacturer of the 5.4 km long Ariane 5. The aircraft was first piloted on 11th August 2005 and its last flight was on 18th November 2009.
Arianespace, located in the city of Courcouronnes, is the operator of ELA-3 which is the location of the Ariane 5 launch site at Guiana Space Centre. The headquarters of the Arian Espace are in French Guiana.
The Aston Martin V8 is a 5.3 litre, 200-metre long transport aircraft built at Newport Pagnell by the Aston Martin DBS company. It's predecessor is the Aston Meringue.
The Aston Martin V8 is a 5.3 litre, 200-metre long aircraft carrier with the body style of a Coupé. It was built at Newport Pagnell and is related to both the Aton Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The United Kingdom is lead by Elizabeth II and is the location of the assembly of the Aston Martin V8. The V8 is a variant of the Aton Meringue which is a type of transport aircraft. It was produced by the company Aston Martin DBS and its successor is the Aston Martrin V8 which was also produced there.
The Audi A1, a Supermini, is located in Brussels, Belgium. It's body style is Hatchback and it has 1.2 ( litres ) of capacity. Its main ingedients are the Front-engine, front-wheel-drive and the back-engine.
The parent company of Audi A1 is Audi e-tron, which was founded by August Horch. The company's subsidiary is Lamborghini and its subsidiary is Ducati.
AID Aluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. Its parent company is the US based Caterpillar International which was founded in California and is now located in Peoria, Illinois.
AID Aluna is owned by AIDA Cruises, which is located in Rostock. The company's main competitor is the Caterpillar International, which was founded in the United States and has Douglas R. Oberhelman as one of its key people.
AID Aluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. It is run by the Caterpillar International which was founded in the United States and is located in Peoria, Illinois. The key person at the company is Douglas R. Oberhelman.
AID Astella was built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere ( Genoa ) and operated by AIDA Cruises. The parent company of Costa Crespiere is Carnival Corporation & Plc.
The leader of the country of Finland is Juha Sipilä. The local people are called Finns and one of the languages spoken is Sami. The country is the location of the icebreaker built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
A-Rosa Luna was designed by the architect Neptun Werft, who is located in the city of Rostock, in the country of Germany, which has Berlin as its capital and is led by Joachim Gauck.
A-Rosa Luna was designed by the architect Neptun Werft, who is located in the city of Rostock, in the country of Berlin, which is lead by Andreas Voßkuhle.
The English language is used in the United States, where Americans live and Native Americans are an ethnic group. The capital city is Washington D.C. and the country is the origin of the book Atlas II.
Abu Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia on the 21st of April 1936. He is part of the Asajaya region and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His residence is in Kuching.
Abu Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. He attended the University of Adelaide and later became a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His residence is located at Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawaks. His predecessor was Adenan Satem.
The Vice President of the United States is Mike Akhigbe who was born on the 29th of May, 1999. He served under General Oladipo Diya and was a member of the Nigerian Navy. His predecessor was Atiku Abubakar.
The Nigerian Army is the base of Abdulsalami Abubakar who was active on 1999-05-29. He served as Vice President and his predecessor was Oladipo Diya. His successor was Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abraham A.Ribicoff was born in the United States. He was a member of the Democratic Party and worked for the governor of Connecticut. He died in the US.
Abraham A.Ribicoff was an American, who was born in New York City. He was a member of the Democratic Party and worked for the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare.
Abraham A.Ribicoff was an American who was born in Connecticut and died in New York. His nationality is the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans. His spouse was Casey Robicoff.
Born in Kent, Adam Holloway graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge. He was a member of the Grenadier Guards and worked as a representative of the Parliament for Gravesham. He began working for the Parliament on 05/05/2005.
Faversham, Kent, England is the birthplace of Adam Holloway who was a student at Magdalene College, Cambridge. He was affiliated with the Conservative Party ( UK ) and served as a member of the Grenadier Guards. His career began on 05/05/2005.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was a student at the University of Athens. He served as a leader under Prime Minister Antonis Samaras and his predecessor was Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis. His current office is with President Makis Voridis.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is a leader. She is part of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) which is affiliated with the House of Representatives.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte and Khadija Arib are leaders. She is the leader of the House of Representatives ( Netherlands ) which is based in the city of Doesburg. She worked at the House but now lives in the country.
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte. The country is lead by Emile Roemer, who is part of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) party. Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands and lives in Doesburg.
Albert B. White was born on the 22nd of September, 1856. He died in Parkersburg, West Virginia on the 3rd of July, 1941.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His spouse was Agnes Ward White and his successor was William M.O. Dawson who was also born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and served as the governor of West Virginia. He is the spouse of Agnes Ward White. He was active on 04/03/1905 and his predecessor was William M.O.Dawson.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was a member of the Republican Party ( United States ). He was active between 1904-03-04 and 1905-03 - 04. His predecessor was William M.O.Dawson.
Juan Perón is the leader of the Labour Party ( Argentina ) and his spouse is Eva Perón. He served as President of Buenos Aire, which is lead by Horacio Rodriguez Larreta. He died in Buenos Aires.
The position of the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate is held by Alberto Teisaire who was born in Mendoza, Argentina on April 20th, 1891. He was a member of the Navy and served as a Rear Admiral. His predecessor was Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, Austria. He was a member of the Austrian Peoples Party. He died in Graz, in the county of Styria.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, in the city of Imst. He was a member of the Austrian Peoples Party. He died in Graz, in Styria.
Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois. He was born on March 3rd, 1857 in the state of Vermont where the largest city is Burlington and the third district is the legislature.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He was a resident of the state of Vermont where the largest city is Burlington and the 3rdcongressional district is located.
Alfred Moore Scales was part of the American Civil War fought in the Battle of Gettysburg. He is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans. The commander of the US Civil War was Jefferson Davis.
Alfred Moore Scales was involved in battles at the Siege of Petersburg and the American Civil War ( commanded by Jefferson Davis ). He is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans.
Juan Perón is the leader of the Labour Party ( in Argentina ). His spouse is Eva Perón and he is also a member of the National Assembly. Spanish is spoken in the country which is the location of the office of President Jorge Teisaire.
