Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway name of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is 18L/36R.
Afonso Pena International Airport ICAO Location Identifier is SBCT.
Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
14/32 is the runway name of Alderney Airport.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
The number of the 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schipol is 18.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's 5th runway surface type is asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
Andrews County Airport runway length is 896.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made from asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 11/29.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Denmark demonym is Danes.
Fallujah is in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Arabic is one of the languages spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the New Jersey region.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The 1986 United States bombing of Libya was carried out by the United States Air Force.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force.
Alan Bean is from the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Elliot See died on 1966-02-28.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is dead.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
250 Delaware Avenue has the Postmodern style of architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler.
The building of 320 South Boston Street began in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects of Adare Manor.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa's address is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Julia Morgan was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is based on the architecture style of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows ".
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, NewYork.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Criona Ni Dhalaigh is a leader in Dublin.
The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome.
The demonym for people living in India is Indian.
Julia Morgan designed the landmark Los Angeles Herald examiner building.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove, California is part of California.
White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
Albany, Georgia has an area code of 229.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is called the Mayor.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas covers 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is elevated 324.0 above sea level.
The area code of Antioch, California is 925.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California.
The population density of Arlington, Texas is 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometer.
Atlanta's leader is Kasim Reed.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is elevated 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Texas.
Spanish is one of the languages spoken in California.
Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is in the United States.
The largest city in Michigan is Detroit.
Orange County, California is in the United States.
The largest city in Oregon is Portland.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski's full name is Bibbo Bibbow.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
The Black Pirate is also known as Jon Valor.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is from the United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arros negre.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region.
Tomatoes are an ingredient in a BLT.
Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region.
Barny cakes can be served in 30g sizes.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
Batagor's main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow comes from the region of Indonesia.
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Cottage cheese can be added to bionico.
Bionico is from the Jalisco region.
Chicken is classed as a bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia.
The leader of Jalisco is Aristoteles Sandoval.
Banyumasan people are an ethnic group found in Java.
The Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish is one of the languages spoken in New York.
Shumai is from China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
The Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
David Cameron is a leader in the United Kingdom.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The leader of Azerbaijan is called the Prime Minister.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Rolando Maran manages A.C. Chievo Verona.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool.
AFC Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
AFC Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Gubbino.
The number of members of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is 5300.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. were in the 2014 – 15 Football League ( Greece ) season.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar was in the Eredivisie in 2014-15.
Akron, Ohio is located within the United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault's full name is Akron Summit Assault.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
Christian Panucci played football for Chelsea F.C.
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer played for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is located in the region of Umbria.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Jens Härtel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is in the FC Dallas club.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago was at the club ASD S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta BC.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger played for 1. FC Köln.
Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Jong Ajax is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba.
The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy.
Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The neighbouring municipality of Mendrisio is Meride.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
The ISBN number of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is available in print form.
AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom.
A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way is written in English.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ISSN number is " 0025-585858 ".
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil is available in print.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ISSN number is 0567-7920.
The journal Addiction has the LCCN number 93645978.
Addiction journal is about addiction.
Aenir is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The American Journal of Mathematics discipline is Math.
Castle is written in English.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
John Cowper Powys notable work is A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is located in the United States.
The book The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber.
There is an ethnic group of Asian Americans in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
A Glastonbury Romance preceded Weymouth Sands.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2777.0.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is elevated 610 metres above sea level.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. Its runway length is 3500.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where Arabic is spoken.
The United States Air Force was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and operates Al Asad airbase.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class Monocotyledon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is 3800 meters long.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level and its 1st runway is made from asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Houston is the largest city.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and has a runway length of 3800.0.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597.0.
The 1st runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 12467 feet long and 211 metres above sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, whose headquarters are located in Turmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Its runway name is 4/22.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Its runway length is 3048.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero, located in Brasilia.
Alan Bean, who was born on 1932-03-15, is now retired.
Alan Shepard, who was a test pilot, is dead.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member on Apollo 8.
William Anders, who graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an MS, is now retired.
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in the United States.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler, from the United States.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at East Link Bridge.
The 3Arena, designed by the Populous company, is located in Dublin.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The architect of Adare Manor was George Richard Pain and the building was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addid Ababa, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, Sri Lanka has the Tudor Revival style of architecture.
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, has the Tudor Revival style of architecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan, which has Brazilians as one of its ethnic groups.
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Amdavad ni Gufa's address is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat.
Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where Ampara Hospital is located.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which is part of Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick, Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany is part of Oregon which has the capital city of Salem.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Texas in the United States.
Anaheim is part of California which is lead by the United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Antioch, California is located at 13.0 metres above sea level and has 75.324 square kilometres.
Arlington, Texas is located at 184.0 metres above sea level and has 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington is part of Texas, United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia, United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, N.J. in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is located in the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New jersey, United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometer and an area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States whose capital is Washington D.C.
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States where they speak English.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where the leader is called the President.
April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird, a United States national.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman, broadcasted by the BBC.
Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman, broadcasted by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor, who starred in Bananaman, was born in Derbyshire.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6, which stars Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6, which stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by Steven T Seagle.
The comic book writer, Roger McKenzie, is the creator of Ben Urich whose alter ego is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
Bo Bibbowski's full name is Bibbo Bibbowski and he was created by Marv Wolfman.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Italian is spoken.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.
Arros negre is from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and can be found in Indonesia.
Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Indonesia.
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
Bacon Explosion's main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon sandwich, which includes bacon, can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and one of its ingredients is bread.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is a leader.
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Celery is part of the Apiaceae family and is an ingredient in Bakso.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa.
Barny cakes can be found in France where Claude Bartolone is a leader.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from Indonesia.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of Siomay.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow, a dish commonly found in Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader.
Beef kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef Kway Teow which is made in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji originates from India where the demonym for people living there is Indian.
Bhajji originates from India where the leader is T. S. Thakur.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where Igorot people are an ethnic group.
Banana is the main ingredient of binignit which comes from the Philippines.
Binignit's main ingredients are sweet potato and banana.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region.
Bionico and cake are both served as a dessert.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader.
Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai which is a variation of Batagor.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, is categorised as a contributing property.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, which has Frederick, Maryland as its nearest city.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Its native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and were in Regionalliga in 2014-15.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona which has 39371 members.
Rolando Maran, who was born in Italy, manages A.C. Chievo Verona.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez, manager of A D Isidro Metapan, plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014 – 15 A EPSTH, Greece.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who has represented Blackburn Rovers FC.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Irlam Town FC and has represented the club AFC Blackpool.
AFC Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in Gubbo.
A.S Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno and they play in Serie B.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma.
Paulo Sousa, manager of ACF Fiorentina, plays for Juventus F.C.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and the full name of ACF Fioretntina S.p.A.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) and they play in the Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax ( amateurs )'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, tenanted by Jong Ajax.
AZAL Arena, the ground of AZAL PFK, is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault, which has 3000 members, played in the 2011 PDL season.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Gubbo, which is in the region of Umbria.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is a leader.
Luciano Spalletti, manager of A.S. Roma, plays for Empoli F.C.
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba is Uab.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's president is B.M. Reddy and it is located in Bangalore.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the'Technical Campus'status by the All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is in the state of Kerala whose leader is Kochi.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which is available as an E book.
AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv ) has the EISSN number 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J V Jones, is available in print form.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is 672 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Glastonbury Romance, written by John Cowper Powys, was followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way, OCLC number 57392246, was published in Print & Paperback.
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press whose parent company is Penguin Random House.
A Loyal Character Dancer, written by Qiu Xiaolong, is available in print form.
A Severed Wasp has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
The Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is published by Springer Science and Business Media which was founded by Julius Springer.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is fantasy literature and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 and an OCLC number 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz versus the Scrivener's Bones written by Brandon Sanderson.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math, comes under the academic discipline of Math.
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press which publishes the American Journal of Mathematics.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States, where there are many Asian Americans.
Aarhus Airport, operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, has a runway length of 2776.0 metres and a runway named 10R/28L.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York and also Saranac Lake, N.Y. It has a runway length of 2003.0.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama, part of the community of Madrid in Spain.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO Location Identifier of the airport is VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has a runway length of 3992.88.
The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The 1986 United States bombing of Libya was carried out by the US Air Force.
The United States Air Force, which operates Al Asad airbase, was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and deploys the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a 1st runway made of poaceae which is 877.0 in length.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which has its headquarters at Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena Country, Michigan, United States. It is 210 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level. The runway length is 1773.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level. The runway length is 896.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where English is spoken and the capital city is Austin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the demonym for Texans is Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium where one of the languages spoken is German.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, based at the Four World Trade Centre in New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Its runway length is 3048.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid, part of the community of Madrid where the leading party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid, Spain where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain where the People's Party is the leading party.
Alan Bean is a US citizen who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is a United States national where Joe Biden is a leader.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was selected by NASA in 1963.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See was a student at University of Texas at Austin who was selected by NASA in 1962. He died in St. Louis.
Elliot See was a student at University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis where Francis G Slay is the mayor.
Elliot See died in St. Louis, Kingdom of France on 1966-02-28.
Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire, spent 13017 minutes in space. The Purple finch is one of the bird found in that state.
John Madin was born in Birmingham and is the architect of 103 Colmore Row.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States. It has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler who was born in the United States. The building has 22 floors.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which was completed December 2008 and is located at North Wall Quay.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, which has 23 floors.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is the Marriott International Hotel. The hotel was designed by the architects 3XN.
The architect Augustus Pugin, born in Bloomsbury, designed the Palace Of Westminster and Adare Manor.
The architect Philip Charles Hardwick designed Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862 and is owned by JP McManus.
Adisham Hall, Haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka where Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, the capital of which is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The currency of Sri Lanka is the Ski Lankan rupee.
The Mason School of Business, located in the United States, are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was started on 30th March 2007.
Julia Morgan was born in San Fransisco and designed many significant buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum and the California landmark.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as Chinatown in San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomarr Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located on Avenue A, Manhattan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located in New York City and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham ( led by the Conservative Party ).
The Liberal Democrats are the leaders of Birmingham, which is the birthplace of John Madin, the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abiba, Ethiopia where Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat where the leader is Anandiben Patel.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where there are many Asian Americans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is lead by the New Mexico Senate and has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometer. The total area is 490.9 square kilometres.
Alpharetta, Fulton County, Georgia is part of Fulton County in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. state where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans.
Alpharetta, Georgia is in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Anaheim, California has 131.6 square kilometres and its UTC offset is -7. The area codes are 657 and 714.
Anaheim is part of California which is lead by the California State Senate. The senate is located at California State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States where there are many Asian Americans.
The United States House of Representatives is the leader of Antioch, which is part of Contra Costa County in the San Francisco Bay area.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The county seat is Fort Worth.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The total area of Atlanta is 347.1 square kilometres and has the population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometer. The area code is 404.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey, United States. Its largest city is Newark.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New jersey, United States. The largest city in the U.S. is New York City.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States.
Auburn is part of Washington state in the United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C.
Olympia is the capital of Washington ( state ) in the United States. Auburn is part of Washington state.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia ( U.S. state ). The capital city is Atlanta.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. The largest city in Madison County is Anderson.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. The capital city is Trenton.
Arlington is part of Texas where English is spoken. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana, United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States where English is the language spoken and the capital city is Washington D.C.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. One of the ethnic groups there are Asian Americans.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon, United States where there are many Asian Americans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany, Georgia is located in the United States where English is the language and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and the Frenchman, René Goscinny.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and last aired on 15 April 1986.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit. Baymax first appeared in this film.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit and included the character Baymax.
Big Hero 6, distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, starred Ryan Potter and included the character Baymax.
The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Mark Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
The comic character Bolt, whose alter ego is Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character Bolt who was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon.
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Lazio, Italy.
Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which are flowering plants and part of the Solanaceae family.
Arrabbiata sauce, which includes olive oil, is a traditional dish from Rome, Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome, Italy. Tomato is one of its ingredients.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia and Malaysia. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich. Lettuce is one of the ingredients in a BLT.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is leader and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital city is Washington D.C.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of both the club sandwich and the BLT. One of its ingredients is bread.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the region of New York and France.
Baked Alaska is from France where the currency is the euro and Manuel Valls is a leader.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of the United States.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska, which is a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the Derbyshire Dales. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish Bakso.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa, which originates from the Paisa region.
Bandeja paisa, containing hogao, is part of Columbian cuisine from the Paisa region.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia. Oyster sauce is an ingredient in it.
Bhajji originates from India where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader and the currency is the Indian rupee.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit, which like cookies are served as a dessert.
Binignit is a dessert, as is the cookie. Sago is an ingredient of binignit.
Binignit is a dessert that contains taro. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Binignit includes the ingredients sweet potato and banana. Sweet potato belongs to the order Solanales.
Bionico is a dessert that contains granola and can be found in Mexico.
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and contains raisins.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where Rome is the capital and Pietro Grasso is a leader.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and Igorot people are an ethnic group.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where English is spoken and Tony Tan is the leader.
Tomatoes are an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce. They are from the Solanaceae family and part of the order Solanales.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania which has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is located in Azerbaijan whose capital is Baku. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly. The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
The Atatürk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for SV Germania Schoneiche and is part of the club 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig.
Massimo Drago has been manager of A C Cesena and was at the club ASD Licita 1931 but now plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA ( abbreviated to A.C. Lumezane ) has 4150 members and plays in the Lega Pro/A.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan, plays for Alianza F.C. and the El Salvador national football team.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of Efxevoli. Their chairman is Antonis Milionis.
AFC Blackpool full name is Association Football Club Blackpool. Their ground is in Blackpool and they have 1500 members.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Chesterfield FC and Runcorn FC Halton.
Dave Challinor, manager of AFC Fylde, plays for Colwyn Bay FC and Stockport County FC.
Livorno, Italy is the home to A.S. Livorno Calcio which has 19238 members. Their full name is LivornoCalcio S.p.A.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci. They play in Serie B, the champions of which are Carpi FC 1909.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC and Real Madrid CF.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they play in the Superleague Greece where Olympiacos FC are previous champions.
AEK Athens F.C. manager Gus Poyet is associated with the Real Zaragoza football club and has been associated with Chelsea FC.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader and AFC Ajax ( amateurs )'s ground is located.
Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader and AFC Ajax ( amateurs )'s ground is located.
John van den Brom is manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both Istanbulspor A.Ş and Jong Ajax.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil.
Luciano Spalletti, manager of A.S. Roma, plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli FC.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and played for S.S. Chieti Calcio. He is attached to the club ASD Licita 1931.
Massimo Drago has been manager of A C Cesena and played for U.S Castrovillari Calcio. He is a member of the A.S.D. Serie 1925 club.
Massimo Drago is attached to the club US Castrovillari Calcio and has been manager of A C Cesena. He is also part of the club S.S. Chieti Calcaio.
AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India has 250 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
AWH Engineering College is in Kerala which has Mahe, India to its northwest. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania. The country's anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928.
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is available in print form and has 448 pages.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written in English, which is the language spoken in Great Britain. It was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair.
The Association for Computing Machinery, headed by Alexander L. Wolf, is based in New York City and publishes ACM Transactions on Information Systems.
The Aids Journal's discipline is HIV/AIDS and it has the ISSN number 0269-9370.
The Aids Journal's discipline is HIV/AIDS and it has the ISSN number 1473-5571.
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the US and is the editor of AIP Advances. His alma mater is Stanford University.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J V Jones, has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 and the OCLC number 51969173.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3 and the OCLC number 49805501.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press which is based in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover with the OCLC number 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviated to Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg ) has the ISSN number 1865-8784, LCCN number 32024459.
Above the Veil is an Australian novel written in English. It was followed by Aenir.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil which is written in English.
Above the Veil, written by Garth Nix, has 248 pages and is available in hardcover.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbrv. Acta Palmaeontol. Pol ) has the ISSN number 0567-7920, LCCN number 60040714.
Addiction ( journal ) is about addiction and has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell, which publishes Addiction ( journal ) with ISSN number 0965-2140.
Cornell University, New York, is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and is written in English. It was followed by Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States and is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has 320 pages. The OCLC number is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ).
John Cowpher Powys was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestinlog. He wrote A Glastonbury Romance.
SAGE Publications, founded by Sara Miller McCune, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which has the ISSN number 0001-8392.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C.
A Wizard of Mars was published in English and originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the President.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is called the President and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Texas. It is 546 metres above sea level. The runway name is 17L/35R and it has a length of 2194.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, N.Y. and also Saranac Lake, New York. It is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The IATA I.D. of the airport is AGR and the ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3990.0.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name is 09R/27L and it has a length of 3990.0.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers, as well as the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Pakistan. The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the airport which has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam and is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level. The runway name is 09/27 Buitenvelderbaan and has a length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam and is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level. The runway name is 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan and has a length of 2014.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves Andrews. It is 973 below sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The state's capital is Austin and its inhabitants are known as Texans. Tejano is a demonym term used in Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and English is spoken there.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Antwerp government. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines, the headquarters of which are located in Turmenistan. Their hub airport is Turkmenbashi International Airport and their HQ is located in Ashgaba.
Athens International Airport, which serves the city of Athens, is located in Spata. It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It serves the city of Atlantic City which is lead by Don Guardian.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority which is headed by Stephen Dilts.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel and one of the languages used in the country is German.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium and French is spoken there.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, Essex County, Harrietstown, New York, United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Fuad Masum is the leader of Iraq, where Kurdish is one of the languages spoken and the capital city is Fallujah.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider Al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq where Kurdish is one of the languages spoken.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab, Pakistan where Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is a leader.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae. Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is in the class Monocotyledon. It is part of the order of Commelinids.
Alan Bean was an American who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong ( represented by Chris Patten ) and served as a crew member on Apollo 8 alongside Frank Borman.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc. D. in 1963. He was a crew member on Apollo 11 but is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. He was a crew member on NASA's Apollo 11 and won 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St. Louis. He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin.
William Anders was a fighter pilot who joined NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 8.
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham was begun in 1973 and completed in 1976. It has 23 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Coloured people and Asian South Africans are among the country's ethnic groups.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. Cleveland's governing body is Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York. It has 12 floors and 30843.8 square metres. It cost 110 million dollars to build.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
300 North LaSalle, Illinois was completed in 2009. It has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770.0 square metres.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, which was designed by the architects 3XN, has 23 floors and is currently tenanted by the Marriott International Hotel.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick, Munster. Limerick City and County Council govern County Limrick.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan are the Brazilians.
The Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Akita, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan are the Brazilians.
Alan B Miller Hall, owned by the College of William and Mary, is located at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia. It was completed on 1 June 2009.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Two leaders of India are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove, California. It was constructed in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on Avenue A, Manhattan. It was constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan ( led by Cyrus Vance Jr ) and Brooklyn.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. Gale Brewer is one of the leaders of Manhattan.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham ( postcode area'B'). The leader of Birmingham is Andrew Mitchell.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham ( postcode area'B'), which is lead by the Labour Party.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel and the leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Two leaders of India are T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Akita, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan are the Brazilians.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, which has London as its capital. Elizabeth II is a leader of the UK, along with the Parliament of The United Kingdom.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader and English is the language spoken. The leader of the US is known as the President.
Albany is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The language spoken in the US is English and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has the area codes 505 and 575. It has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometer, an area of land 486.2 square kilometres and 490.9 square kilometres.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia ( U.S. state ) and has Atlanta as its county seat. Alpharetta, Georgia is in the United States.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups there are African Americans.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin.
Anaheim is part of California where Spanish is spoken. The city is lead by the California State Assembly which is located at the Cal State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richardson, Union and has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometer. It is located at 268.0 metres above sea level and has an area of 107.43 square kilometres.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States and has 16.55 square kilometres.
The total area of Antioch, California is 75.324 square kilometres and has a population of 102372. The UTC offset is -7 and the area code is 925.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometer and is lead by the Mayor. The total area is 44.125 square kilometres and the area code is 609.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Asian Americans.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and Auburn is a part of both Pierce County and King County.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington state, United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas which has San Marcos as its county seat. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Anaheim, California is part of California where Chinese is one of the languages spoken and the California State Assembly is the leader. The Assembly is located at the California state Capitol.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia ( U.S. state ) and has Atlanta as its county seat.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis.
Arlington is part of Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas and English is spoken there.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon, United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups there are African Americans.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey, United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and his title is President. One of the ethnic groups there are African Americans.
John Sanchez is the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico in the United States where John Sánchez is also a leader. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Asian Americans.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County in the United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is known as the Mayor. The city is located in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where English is the language spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans.
Angola, Indiana is part of Indiana in the United States where English is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. The language used in the US is English and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Rona Fairchild is a key person at the BBC which is based in Broadcasting House and showed Bananaman. It also produces BBC radio.
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd, 1983. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter. He was created by American national Duncan Rouleau.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character Bolt who was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon ( national of Puerto Rico ).
Amatriciana sauce comes from Lazio, Italy. Its main ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders. Rome is the capital of Italy.
Arros negre comes from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain where Spaniards are an ethnic group. Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, where Batak and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, Malaysia. Malays and Minangkabau people are ethnic groups in Sumatra.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital city is Washington D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital city is Washington D.C.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom. Ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT and club sandwich.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with condiments, often ketchup or brown sauce. The sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is a dessert, as is the cookie. Baked Alaska comes from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Baked Alaska is from the United States and is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong. Its main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Baked Alaska, which hails from Hong Kong, is thought to have originated in the United States, France or China. The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Baked Alaska is from the United States and Hong Kong. Its main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding. The pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales, part of Deryshire.
Bakso is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain ( patacones ), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding ( morcilla ), avocado and lemon. It also contains kidney beans.
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain ( patacones ), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding ( morcilla ), avocado and lemon.
Barny cakes can be found in France where French is the national language and Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande are leaders.
Batagor is found in Indonesia. It is a variation of the Siomay dish and Shumai ( which contains shiitake mushrooms ).
Batchoy comes from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a soup dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. Its ingredients include : Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Indonesia and Singapore. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. It includes vegetables and can also be known as Bhaji or bajji.
Bhajji, also known as Bhaji or bajji comes from the Karnataka region. Gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients.
Binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato ( flowering plant of the Solanales order ).
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredient is coconut milk and it also contains sago.
Bionico is a dessert that contains granola and comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico.
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. A cookie is also a dessert.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. Tapioca is an ingredient of Bakso.
The Baduy are an ethnic group in Java, where the dish Ayam penyet can be found. The dish comes from Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and Zamboangans.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and ethnic groups include the Zamboangans and Igorot people.
Binignit is a dessert, as is the cookie. Binignit comes from the Philippines where Philippine English is spoken.
Binignit is a dessert, as is sandesh. Binignit comes from the Philippines where Philippine English is spoken.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and it is located in Azerbaijan whose capital is Baku,.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and its nearest city is Frederick.
The bronze Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey, where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital is Ankara.
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is located in Turkey, where the leader is called the President.
Jens Hartel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club. He has been manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and played for 1 FC Union Berlin. His own club is FSV Zwickau.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy. He has been manager of AC Chievo Verona and plays for both F.C. Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio.
Italian born Michele Marcolini is manager of AC Lumezzane. He also plays for Torino FC and A.C. Chievo Verona.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP, has 1500 members and its chairman is Antonis Milionis. Their ground is located in the town of Englugoli.
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Stockport County F.C. and has been manager of AFC Blackpool whose ground is in Blackpool where the leader is the Conservative Party ( UK ).
Gordon Marsden is one of the leaders in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who plays for Stockport County FC.
AFC Fylde's full name is Association Football Club " Association ". Their home ground is located at Warton, Fenchurch, Lancashire and they played in the 2014 season. The club has 3180 members.
AFC Fylde's full name is Association Football Club Fyde. Their home ground is Bryning Lane and they played in the 2014 season. They have 3180 members.
Paulo Sousa is manager of ACF Fiorentina. He played for Juventus FC, Inter Milan and Maccabi Tel Aviv FC.
AEK Athens F.C., with 69618 members, competes in the Superleague Greece. Their ground is in Greece and they played in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax ( amateurs )'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax. The ground is owned by the AFC Ajax NV and tenanted by Jong Ajax.
The Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs ( abbreviated to AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season. Their nickname is Joden, Godenzonen.
John van den Brom is manager of AZ Alkmaar. He plays for AFC Ajax, Vitesse Arnhem and the Netherlands national football team.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league of which Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, Brazil.
St Vincent St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault and is located in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Rome is the capital and Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders.
Peter Stöger is the manager of FC Kolin. He has played for FC Admira Wacker Modling, SK Vorwarts Steyr and FK Austria Wien.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, located in Mumbai, was given the'Technical Campus'status by the All India Council for Technical Education. One of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis, whose governing body is the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarus, Denmark. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its government type is a magistrate.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala has 250 academic staff. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania which has Bucharest as its capital. The national anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române! and one of the ethnic groups are the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis. He was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. It has 512 pages and is available as an E book with the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal is published. It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J V Jones, is available in hardcover. Its ISBN number is 0-7653-0633-6 and its OCLC number is 51969173.
A Loyal Character Dancer, written by Qiu Xiaolong, is available in hardcover. Its ISBN number is 1-56947-301-3 and its OCLC number is 49805501.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. A Loyal Character was published in English, which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where English is the language spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, has 560 pages and was published in hardcover with the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has the ISSN number 0236-5294 and LCCN number 83646315. It comes under the academic discipline of Math.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is academically focused on Paleobiology. Its LCCN number is 60040714, ISSN number is 0567-7920 and its abbreviated name is ActaPalaeontol. Pol.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences. Its ISSN number is 1732-2421 and its LCCN number is 60040714. It has the abbreviation of ActaPalaeontol. Pol.
Cornell University in New York is affiliated with the Association of Public Land grant Universities and Association of American Universities. It publishes Administrative Science Quarterly.
Cornell University, Ithaca, New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, is available in paperback and has 233 pages. Its ISBN number is 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878. It is published by Johns Hopkins University Press which is based in the United States and has John Hopkins University as its parent company.
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ). The US includes many Asian Americans.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. The book is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It is published in English.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ). The leader of the US is Barack Obama.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is the language spoken and Barack Obama is leader. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE. The airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100.0. The name of the runway is 14L/32R.
Agra Airport in India is operated by the Indian Air Force. It is 167.94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818.0. Its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has the ICAO location identifier ORAA. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3990.0.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The ICAO Location Identifier of the airbase is ORAA. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3992.88.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They were involved in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya, deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as a transport aircraft, and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as an aircraft fighter.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers, such as the Lockheed C-130 Hercules.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway is made from Poaceae and has a length of 733.0. The runway name is 08/26.
Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Pakistan. It is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 3310.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The runway name is 18R/36L and it has a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena and is located 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Alpenas County, Michigan, United States. It has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena and is located 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Alpenas County, Michigan. The runway name is 7/25 and has a length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena and is located 210 metres above sea level in Wilson Township. The airport's 1/19 runway is 2744.0 meters long and has the name 1/20.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in Wilson Township, Alpena Country, Michigan, United States. The airport serves the city of Al pena and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0. The name of the runway is 05L/23R.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece. Two leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. Greek is spoken in that country.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece. Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in Greece where Greek is spoken and Athens is the capital.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It serves the city of Atlantic City which is lead by Don Guardian.
The leaders of Belgium are Charles Michel and Phillipe. The capital city is Brussels but it is in Antwerp, Belgium that the airport serving the city is located.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. Its ICAO location identifier is KACY.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York and also Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown ), both in New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and also Saranac Lake, Essex County, Harrietstown, New York, United States.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand. The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik and the airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider Al-Abadi and Fuad Masum are leaders in Iraq where Arabic is spoken.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a test pilot and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a crew member on NASA's Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce gold medal.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member on NASA's Apollo 8 alongside commander Frank Borman.
American fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a crew member on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was an American fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a member of NASA's Apollo 11 crew.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. He was a fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member on NASA's Apollo 11 alongside backup pilot William Anders. Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 1930-01-20 and is now retired. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 along with backup pilot William Anders.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14. He died in California where Dianne Feinstein is senator and Benitoite is gemstone.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was an American who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a United States national. He served as a fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo 8 before retiring on 1969-09-01.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 and is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York was started in January 2014. It has 12 floors, 30843.8 square metres of floor area and the Postmodern style of architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and the capital of Illinois is Springfield.
Marriott International, founded in Washington D.C., is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark. The leader of Denmark is Margrethe II and one of the languages Faroese is spoken there.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC. It is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark where one of the languages spoken is Greenlandic.
Marriott International, founded in Washington D.C., is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and one of the languages used in the country is Greenlandic.
The architect Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the Palace of Westminster and Adare Manor. The Republic of Ireland is lead by Enda Kenny.
Addis Ababa City Hall was started in 1961 and completed in 1964. It has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and a height of 42 metres. Its current tenants are the Government of Addis Abiba.
The Akita Museum of Art is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori, Akita Prefecture, Japan. It has 3 floors.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and there are many Chinese people in Japan.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia, United States. The architect was Robert A M Stern and the current tenants are the US based Mason School of Business.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and Sumitra Mahajan is an Indian leader.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka which is governed by the Eastern Provincial Council. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Julia Morgan was born in San Fransisco and has designed many significant buildings. These include the grounds of Asilomar Conference, the Los Angeles Herald examiner building, Hearst Castle, Asilmar State Beach and the California landmark, The Los Angeles landmark.
Julia Morgan was born in San Fransisco and has designed many significant buildings. These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and Asilmar State Beach.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New Netherland, United States. Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. Labour politician, John Clancy is a leader in Birmingham which has the postcode area'B'and is governed by Birmingham City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is known as the President. John Roberts is a leader in the US, and Barack Obama is the leader. The capital city is Washington D.C.
Albany is part of Georgia, United States. The leader of the U.S. is called the President and the demonym for people living there is Americans. One of the ethnic groups in the US are Asian Americans.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia ( U.S. state ). The largest city in Fulton County is Atlanta. One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the Native Americans.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and English is the language spoken there.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. English is the language spoken in Texas which has Austin as its capital.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and English is spoken there.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. The total area of Anderson is 107.43 square kilometres and it has 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometer.
The English language is spoken in California, where Antioch is part of the San Francisco Bay area. The city is lead by the Californias 11th State Assembly district and is a part of Contra Costa County, which is also part of California.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia. It has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometer. The total area is 347.9 square kilometres and the area code is 404.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. The city is located at 166 metres above sea level and has 4.14 square kilometres of land and 783 people per square kilometer.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group there.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County and King County, Washington, United States. The total area of Auburn is 77.41 square kilometres and the population density is 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometer.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas. The county's capital is Georgetown and its largest city is Round Rock. English is spoken in Williamson County.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas. The county seat is San Marcos and English is spoken there. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas. Its county seat is San Marcos. Houston is the largest city in Texas and Spanish is spoken there.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the language spoken there is English.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas. The county seat is Fort Worth and Spanish is spoken there. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Fort Worth.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and White Americans are an ethnic group there. New York City is the largest city in the U.S.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon, United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and its inhabitants are called Americans. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are the Native Americans.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon in the United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and the demonym for people living there is Americans. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Asian Americans.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. The language spoken in the US is English and the demonym for people living there is Americans. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are African Americans.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Native Americans.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and the county seat is Opelika.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey, United States. The capital city is Trenton and the largest city is Newark. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are the Native Americans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of New Mexico in the United States. The leader of the US is known as the President and Barack Obama is the leader. English is the language spoken in the U.S.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. The language spoken in the US is English and there are Americans and Asian Americans.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and Barack Obama is the leader. One of the ethnic groups there are the Native Americans.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the leader is called the President. The demonym for people living in the US is Americans and one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk. He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where Indonesian is spoken and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia ( capital : Kuala Lumpur ). The dish comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula. Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups in the country which has the capital city of Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra. It can also be found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and ethnic groups include Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Malay.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang and Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups found there.
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and English is the language spoken. White Americans are an ethnic group there.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom. The main ingredients are bread, bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, BLT, Bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is from the country of France, where French is spoken and leaders include Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls. Baked Alaska can also be found in Hong Kong.
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. One of its ingredients is lemon which is part of the rutaceae family and the Rosids order.
Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, can be found in France. The country's leaders include Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande, they speak French there.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia, where the dish batagor comes from. Batagor and shumai are variations of the Siomay dish, which contains peanut sauce.
Batagor is a dish found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is leader. Batagor and Siomay are variations of the same dish, which contains shiitake mushrooms.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai ( which contains shiitake ) and Siomay. It originates from Jusuf Kalla led, Indonesia.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables. Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India. The leader of Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala and the leader of India is T.S. Thakur. The demonym for people living in India is Indian.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The country's leaders include Sumitra Mahajan and T.S. Thakur and people are called Indians.
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert that can be varied by adding honey. It is found in Mexico where Spanish is spoken and Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. Honey can be added to bionico.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The leader of Catalonia is Carles Puigdemont and the leader of Spain is Felipe VI. Spaniards are an ethnic group in the country.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy, where Italian is spoken and Rome is the capital. Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy, where Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders. The capital of Italy is Rome and the people who live there are called Italians.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where Italian is spoken and Rome is the capital. Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy.
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish'Ayam Penyet '. The dish can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. It originates from Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group.
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java, where the dish ayam penyet can be found. The dish comes from Singapore, where English is spoken and Tony Tan is a leader.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are among the languages spoken. Ethnic groups there include the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader. Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain and Spanish is spoken there.
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain where Spaniards live. Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain ( led by Susana Diaz ).
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County is south of Cumberland County and northwest of Carroll County, Maryland. To the southwest is Frederick County and to the southeast lies Carrol County, both in Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, whose leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade. The capital city is Baku and the country is lead by an official leader.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, whose leader is Artur Rasizade and its legislature is the National Assembly. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan.
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is located in Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara, although the largest city is Istanbul. The leader of Turkey, officially known as the President, is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane which is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is a leader. He plays for Vicenza Calcio and F.C. Bari 1908.
Stuart Parker is a member of the Chesterfield F.C. and Stockport County F.c. He has been manager of AFC Blackpool whose ground is in Blackpool where the council is lead by the Labour Party ( UK ).
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is a leader and the Italian language is spoken. The club play in Serie D, which was won by S S Robur Siena.
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who have had Gus Poyet as their manager. His own club is Real Zaragoza and he played for Chelsea FC.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, which is lead by Pietro Grasso. The capital city is Rome, the language spoken is Italian and its people are called Italians.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and Rome is the capital. Italian is the official language of Italy and its people are called Italians.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association, which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen, who has the title Monarchy of Denmark.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. India's largest city is Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India. The leader of Kerala is Kochi and the largest city in India is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in India.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. The city of Aarus, governed by a magistrate, is southeast of Mols.
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It was followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English. The book was preceded by Grantville Gazette II, which was preceded By The Grantville Gazettes.
Cornell University, Ithaca, New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. The university is affiliated with the Association of Public Land grant Universities and Association of American Universities. Its president is Elizabeth Garrett.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The language of the US is English which is also spoken in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The language of the US is English, originated in Great Britain. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The language of the US is English, which is also spoken in Great Britain. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Asian Americans.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ). The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group there.
The Violet Keystone followed the novel Into Battle which was written by Australians. Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir which was preceded by Castle.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. A severed Wasp was written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ). The leader of the US is Barack Obama and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader, Washington D.C. is the capital and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and its inhabitants are called Americans. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States, where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ). The leader of the US is called the President and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He is a US national who served as a test pilot. He spent 100305 minutes in space and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He served as a crew member on NASA's Apollo 14. The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal, which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Bean was born Alan LaVern Bean. He was a crew member on NASA's Apollo 12 along with backup pilot Alfred Worden and commander David Scott. He retired in June 1981.
Buzz Aldrin was an American fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 along with backup pilot William Anders.
Buzz Aldrin was an American fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member on NASA's Apollo 11 alongside backup pilot William Anders.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce gold medal. He died in California. Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California, where Benitoite is a gemstone and Smilodon is a fossil.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962. He served as a fighter pilot and became a member of Apollo 8's crew before retiring on 1969-09-01.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member on NASA's Apollo 8 alongside backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman. He retired on 1969-09-01.
William Anders graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962 and went on to become a member of NASA's Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin. William Anders is now retired.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County is east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County. Carrol County, Maryland is southeast and Frederick County to the southwest.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, whose leader is Artur Rasizade, and its capital is baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, and made from red granite and white marble. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and its dean is Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association, which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen, who has the title Monarchy of Denmark. The Church of Denmark is the main religion of the country.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association ( HQ in Brussels ). Its dean is Thomas Pallesen. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India was established in 2001. The leader of Kerala is Kochi. The Ganges is a river in India and the largest city is Mumbai.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis. Its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! Its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He worked as a test pilot and became a crew member of Apollo 12 before he retired.
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957. He worked as a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California.
Alan Bean was an American who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot on NASA's Apollo 12 mission alongside backup pilot Alfred Worden and commander David Scott.
Edwin E Aldrin Jr. otherwise known as Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 where he served as a fighter pilot and as a crew member on Apollo 11.
American Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and won 20 awards. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is an American who was selected by NASA in 1963 to serve as a crew member on Apollo 11. Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a member of NASA's Apollo 11 crew along with backup pilot William Anders. Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933. He served as a fighter pilot and became a member of Apollo 8's crew before retiring on September 1st 1969.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 alongside backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman. He retired on September 1st 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933. He served as a fighter pilot before being selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member on Apollo 8 and spent 8820 minutes in space. He retired on September 1st 1969.
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey, where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu, the capital is Ankara, the currency is the Turkish lira and the largest city is Istanbul. The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and made of bronze.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the currency is the Turkish lira. The capital city is Ankara, although the largest city is Istanbul. The country is the location of the Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendriso, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Switzerland's leader is the Federal Chancellor.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and its president is B.M. Reddy. Its motto is " Nurturing Excellence ".
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka, east of Telangana, was given the'Technical Campus'status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The school offers tennis, governed by the International Tennis Federation, as a sport. Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. Its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association. It was established in 1928 and its dean is Thomas Pallesen. It has 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhu, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen who has the title Monarchy of Denmark. Its government type is a magistrate.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen, it has 16,000 students and its Latin name is Universitas Aarhuensis.
