The Abilene Regional Airport is served by Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport runway name is 18L/36R.
Afonso Pena International Airport's ICAO location identifier is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
The city served by Al-Taqaddum Air Base is Fallujah.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base has a runway length of 3684.0.
Alderney airport is named after the runway which is 14/32.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport runway is 3360.12 metres long.
The first runway at Amsterdam airport Schiphol is numbered 18.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's 5th runway is made of asphalt.
The 06/24 Kaagbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is owned by Andrews County.
Andrews County Airport has a runway length of 896.0 meters.
Angola International Airport has an asphalt runway.
Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
The Flemish government operates Antwerp International Airport.
The Appleton International Airport runway length is 2439.0.
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand has a runway length of 518.0.
Ashgabat International Airport's ICAO Location Identifier is UTAA.
The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 11/29.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The airport, Atlantic City International, has a runway called 13/31.
Belgium's official language is Dutch.
Curitiba is located in the South Region of Brazil.
Denmark's demonym is Danes.
The city of Fallujah is located in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is located in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute.
Arabic is the language spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is located in Spain.
The Maple Ridge Township in Alpena County Michigan is part of the United States.
Pakistan's leader is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States Air Force was involved in the bombing of Libya in 1986.
The United States Air Force uses the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as a transport aircraft.
Alan Bean was an American.
Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot for Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a doctorate in 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was part of the Apollo 11 crew.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
California's gem is called Benitoite.
Elliot See died on February 28th, 1966.
Elliot See died in St Louis.
Elliot See is dead.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
250 Delaware Avenue, which is located in the United States, has a postmodern architectural style. It has a cost of 110 million dollars, 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
320 South Boston Building was designed by George Winkler.
320 South Boston Building had its construction started in 1910.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
The Adare Manor was designed by the partnership of James Pain and George Richard Pain.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
Japan is the country of the Akita Museum of Art.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by the College of William & Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus near the CEPT University and opposite Gujarat University, University Road.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the US National Register of Historic Places.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were designed by Julia Morgan.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are a great example of the Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were built in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County in New York State.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
The country of Ethiopia is lead by Mulatu Teshome.
The Indian people are the demonym of India.
Julia Morgan, the architect, designed the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, which is a significant building in Los Angeles.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is located in New York City.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove is part of California.
South Africa is a country where White South Africans are an ethnic group.
The United Kingdom is led by Elizabeth II.
Albany, Georgia has the area code 229.
Albany in Oregon is part of the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by a Mayor.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana has an elevation of 324 metres above sea level.
Antioch, California has the area code of 925.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Atlanta is lead by Kasim Reed.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is located 166 metres above sea level.
Auburn, Alabama, is part of Lee County, Alabama.
The city of Auburn, Washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Texas.
California is where Spanish is spoken.
The Dunwoody city, located in DeKalb County, Georgia, is the largest city in the county.
Fulton County, Georgia is located in the United States.
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is located in the United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County is located in California, United States.
Portland is Oregon's largest city.
Tarrant County, Texas is led by Fort Worth, Texas.
The United States is lead by Barack Obama.
The United States House of Representatives is located at the United States Capitol.
The comic book, April ONeil, was created by Kevin Eastman.
The BBC broadcasted Bananaman.
Benjamin Urich has a full name.
Bibbo Bibowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski is the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
The alternative name of Black Pirate is Jon Valor.
John Buscema has won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman has won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is an American.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
Amatriciana sauce includes Pecorino Romano as an ingredient.
Arrabbiata sauce contains chili peppers.
White rice is an ingredient in Arros negre.
The dish Arros negre comes from Catalonia.
The dish Arros negre is found in the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet is a dish found in Singapore.
The BLT sandwich contains tomatoes.
Baked Alaska is found in Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding can be served either warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Colombian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa is a dish that contains chicharron.
Bandeja paisa is a dish found in the Paisa region.
Barny cakes have a serving size of 30g.
Batagor is a variation of the dish Shumai.
Batagor is a food that contains fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia.
The alternative name for Bhajji is Bhaji, bajji.
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit.
Cottage cheese is a variation of the Bionico dish.
Bionico is a dessert that comes from Jalisco.
Chicken is a bird.
The Indian rupee is the currency in India.
The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
Aristóteles Sandoval is a leader in Jalisco.
Java is a region in the Banyumasan people's ethnic group.
The Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Mexico's leader is named Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
New York is the location of a Spanish-speaking population.
Shumai is a food found in China.
Siomay is a dish that contains peanut sauce as one of its ingredients.
The island of Sumatra is home to the ethnic group known as Malays.
The United Kingdom is led by David Cameron.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Adams County, Pennsylvania, is located southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The title of the leader in Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister.
Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial has a Turkish name.
Rolando Maran is the manager of A.C. Chievo Verona.
A.D. Isidro Metapan are part of the Salvadoran Primera Division.
Association Football Club Blackpool is the full name of the club.
The A.F.C. Blackpool team play at The Mechanics ground.
AFC Blackpool's ground is located in Blackpool.
The A.S. Gubbio 1910 ground is located in Gubbio.
The A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
The Athens-based AEK Athens F.C. has its ground there.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014-15 season of the Greek Football League.
The AZAL arena is located in Baku.
The Azerbaijan Premier League is the league in which AZAL PFK competes, and they have 3500 members.  I am unable to provide a summary without further information on the AZAL PFK. Would you like to provide more context?
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014-15 Eredivsie
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States.
Akron is located in Summit County, Ohio.
Akron Summit Assault is the full name of Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault.
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
Christian Panucci, who played for Chelsea FC, is the coach of FC Nantes.
Christian Panucci played for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer is associated with the club, Barcelona.
The region of Umbria is home to the city of Gubbio.
Italy is lead by Sergio Mattarella.
Jens Härtel plays for the FC Sachsen Leipzig football club.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for the FC Dallas football club.
Udinese Calcio is the club of Luciano Spalletti.
The club of Massimo Drago is A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The player Michele Marcolini is associated with the club Atalanta BC.
The Italian footballer Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
1.FC Koln is the club of Peter Stoger.
The manager of FC Bari 1908 is Rolando Maran.
Sportpark De Toekomst is a tenant of Jong Ajax.
The United States is the location of St Vincent-St Mary High School.
The state of Alba is home to the 1 Decembrie 1918 University.
Acharya Institute of Technology is led by president B.M. Reddy.
Kerala is located to the northwest of Mahé, India.
Mendrisio is the neighbouring municipality of Meride.
The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is headed by Dean Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University has 16000 students.
The ISBN number for 1634: The Ram Rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0
The book 1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint.
The book 1634: The Ram Rebellion has a print media type.
The United Kingdom is the country of publication for the AIDS journal.
The OCLC number for A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317.
The book A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
The book A Long Long Way is in English.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars.
The Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the ISSN number 0025-5858.
The book Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
The book above the veil is print.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 0567-7920.
Addiction, a journal, has the LCCN number 93645978.
Addiction (journal) is a publication that specializes in the academic discipline of addiction.
The Aenir book is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the U.S.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The American Journal of Mathematics is a publication that is focused on academic disciplines in the field of mathematics.
The book Castle written in English is a novel.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers are the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
John Cowper Powys is the author of the notable work "A Glastonbury Romance".
Soho Press is from the United States.
Faber and Faber is the publisher of The Secret Scripture.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The United States is a country where English is spoken.
The book preceding "Weymouth Sands" is "A Glastonbury Romance".
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the organisation in charge of Aarhus airport. The length of the runway is 2777.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It has a runway length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
Arabic is the main language in Iraq, where the Al Asad airbase is located.
The United States Air Force, which has its base at Al Asad, was involved in the invasion of Grenada.
Alderney Airport has a runway made of Poaceae which is a type of monocotyledon.
Alderney Airport's first runway is made of asphalt and its length is 877.0.
The Pakistani leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali and Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900m.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is elevated at -3.3528 metres above sea level. The first runway is 3800 metres long.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is at an elevation of -3.3528 metres below sea level, has an asphalt-surfaced runway.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is the airport that serves the city of Amsterdam and it has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the largest city of which is Houston.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and has a runway length of 3800.0.
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand has a runway length of 597.0 and the third runway is made of Poaceae.
Ashgabat International Airport is elevated 211 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 12467 feet.
The head office of Turkmenistan Airlines is in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. The airline also operates the Ashgabat International Airport.
The town of Egg Harbor in New Jersey, United States, is the location of the Atlantic City International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is named after its runway number, 4/22.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It has a runway length of 3048.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Brasilia which is the location of Infraero.
Alan Bean was born on March 15th, 1932 and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who is deceased.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, which is part of Essex County.
I am unable to process your request. Could you please provide me with some additional context or guidance?
AFIT, M.S. (1962) is the alma mater of William Anders, who is retired.
108 St. Georges Terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988.
200 Public Square is a building in the United States. It has a floor count of 45.
20 Fenchurch Street is a 34 story building with a floor area of 62145.3 square meters.
The 300 North LaSalle building in Chicago has 60 floors.
320 South Boston Building is an architected building by George Winkler from the United States.
The 3Arena, designed by HOK SVE, is located near the East Link Bridge.
The 3Arena in Dublin, Ireland was designed by Populous and has a capacity of 16000.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Copenhagen and is leased to Marriott International.
Adare Manor was designed by George Richard Pain and was built in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the country of Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and is built in the Tudor Revival architectural style.
The Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and was constructed in the Tudor Revival architectural style.
Japan is the country of the Akita Museum of Art. There is a Brazilian ethnic group in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art has a 3 story building located at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus near the CEPT University, opposite Gujarat University, University Road, in Gujarat.
The Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, which is led by Austin Fernando.
New York City, United States, is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which is part of Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick, which is part of Munster.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Akron, Ohio, is located in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans.
Albany is part of Oregon where Salem is the capital city.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The city is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States and is part of the state of Texas.
Anaheim, California is part of the state of California, United States. The city is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim is part of Orange County in California, United States.
Adams Township is part of Madison County, Indiana, in the United States and is the location of Anderson.
Antioch in California has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and is 13 metres above sea level.
Arlington, Texas, is 184 metres above sea level and covers an area of 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington, Texas is part of the United States.
Atlanta is located in the United States, specifically in the state of Georgia.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States, the country where Atlantic City, New Jersey can be found.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States and is the location of Atlantic City.
Atlantic City in New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Pierce County is located in the United States and contains the city of Auburn.
The United States has Washington D.C. as its capital, and Albany, Oregon is part of this country.
The United States is the country of Amarillo, Texas. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, which is home to African Americans.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans.
The United States, where Auburn, Alabama is located, is home to the ethnic group Native Americans in the United States.
The United States, where English is spoken, is the location of Akron, Ohio.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is located in the United States, where the leader is referred to as the President of the United States.
Peter Laird, who is American, created April ONeil.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which was broadcasted by the BBC.
The children's TV show Bananaman was broadcast on STV and starred Graeme Garden.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire, England. He is an actor who starred in Bananaman.
Baymax made his first appearance in the film "Big Hero 6" which stars Alan Tudyk.
The character Baymax first appeared in the film "Big Hero 6" which stars Scott Adsit.
The Baymax character comes from the Big Hero 6 film series, which was created by Steven T Seagle.
Benjamin Urich was created by Roger Mckenzie.
Bibbo Bibowski was created by both Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and has the full name of Bo Bibbowski.
The Amatriciana sauce, which is found in Italy, has tomatoes as an ingredient.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where Arem-arem is found.
Arrabbiata sauce is a food from Italy where they speak Italian.
Arrabbiata sauce is found in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella.
Arrabbiata sauce is a popular Italian sauce that contains chili peppers.
Arros negre is a dish from the Valencian Community in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish from Indonesia which has fish cooked in sour and hot sauce as its main ingredients.
Ayam penyet is a dish found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT.
Bacon is one of the main ingredients of Bacon Explosion.
The bacon sandwich has many names, including Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n' bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, and bacon muffin. It is made of bacon.
A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT. Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich.
Baked Alaska is a French dessert that contains sponge cake as one of its ingredients.
Manuel Valls is the leader of France, the country where Baked Alaska comes from.
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in the United States. Its ingredients include Meringue.
Bakewell tart contains fruit preserves as an ingredient. Bakewell pudding is a variation of the bakewell tart.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia. Its primary ingredient is Vermicelli.
Bakso is a food that contains celery, which is part of the celery family (Apiaceae).
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from Colombian cuisine that includes chicharron as one of its ingredients.
Barny Cakes are found in France, where Claude Bartolone is the leader.
Batagor, a dish from Indonesia, contains peanut sauce as one of its ingredients.
Batagor is a variation of the dish Siomay and is made with peanut sauce.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore that has palm sugar as one of its ingredients.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. It is made with kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soy sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
India is the home of the Indian people and the location of the bhajji.
T.S. Thakur is a leader in India where Bhajji originates from.
Binignit is a Filipino dish that is popular with the Igorot people, an ethnic group in the Philippines.
Binignit is a Filipino dish made with banana as its main ingredient.
Here is a summary of the information provided about Binignit:   Ingredients: Banana, Sweet Potato  I hope this was helpful!
Mexico's leader is Enrique Peña Nieto, and they are the country where Bionico comes from.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara. It contains Granola as one of its ingredients.
Bionico is a type of dessert, which has cake as one of its variations.
Bakso is a dish found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is a leader.
Shumai is a variation of the Batagor dish and contains the Shiitake ingredient.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, is listed as a contributing property.
The Monocacy National Battlefield is located near the city of Frederick, Maryland. The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument can be found in this district.
Dedicated to Ottoman soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
The memorial, dedicated to the Ottoman soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is known by the name Türk Şehitleri Anıtı in Baku.
1 FC Magdeburg, which has 27250 members, played in the 2014-15 season of the Regionalliga league.
The A.C. Chievo Verona football club have 39371 members and play in Verona, Italy.
Rolando Maran, who manages A.C. Chievo Verona, was born in Italy.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for the FC Dallas football club.
A E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which has 1500 members, plays in the A EPSTH league in Greece.
Stuart Parker, who manages AFC Blackpool, is a footballer for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Stuart Parker played for Irlam Town F.C. and he is also the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.
AFC Fylde is a club with 3180 members and is based in Lancashire.
AS Gubbio 1910 have 5300 members and play at Gubbio.
A.S Livorno Calcio play in Serie B and their ground is in Livorno.
Christian Panucci, who manages A.S Livorno Calcio, plays for A.S. Roma.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina and a member of Juventus FC.
The full name of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A and they have 47290 members.
The AEK Athens F.C. have 69618 members and their ground is in Greece.
The AEK Athens football club, whose ground is the Olympic Stadium in Athens, Greece, plays in the Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) use Sportpark De Toekomst as their home ground. The stadium is also the base for Jong Ajax.
The AZAL PFK ground is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault had 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
The A.S. Gubbio 1910 club is located in Gubbio, Umbria, the region where the Perugino cheese comes from.
The A.S. Gubbio 1910 club is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of A.S Roma and he used to play for Empoli F.C.
1 Decembrie 1918 University, also known as Uab, is located in the state of Alba.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India, and is led by President B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education, located in Mumbai.
The engineering college, AWH is based in Kerala where the leader is called Kochi.
The book 1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint. It is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is an e-book written by Virginia DeMarce.
AIP Advances has the ISSN number 2158 and is abbreviated to AIP Adv.
J.V. Jones wrote the book A Fortress of Grey Ice which is available in print.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number is 0-7653-0633-6.
John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance, which is followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number 57392246 and is available in print and paperback.
The book "A Long Long Way" has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 and has 292 pages.
Viking Press, which is owned by Penguin Random House, published A Long Long Way.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in print.
The book A Severed Wasp has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number of 8805735 and is available in hardcover.
A severed wasp is in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and is printed.
The Springer Science and Business Media, founded by Julius Springer, published the Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 and is a book of fantasy literature.
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 and the OCLC number 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Scriveners' Bones is a book written by Brandon Sanderson, who also wrote Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians.
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am. J. Math and is a publication in the field of mathematics.
Johns Hopkins University Press, the publisher of American Journal of Mathematics, is a subsidiary of Johns Hopkins University.
The United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. is the setting for 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
The United States, where the capital is Washington D.C., is the setting for A Fortress of Grey Ice.
The book A Fortress of Grey Ice comes from the United States, a country that is home to African Americans.
The book A Wizard of Mars is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans.
The book A Wizard of Mars is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operating organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway called 10R/28L with a length of 2776.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. It has a runway length of 2003.0.
Paracuellos de Jarama is located in the Community of Madrid, Spain. It is near Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Airforce. Its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and is located in Iraq. The length of the runway is 3992.88.
The United States Air Force use the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle as a fighter aircraft. They were involved in the bombing of Libya in 1986 and Al Asad Airbase is operated by them.
The United States Air Force, which uses McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft, was involved in the Invasion of Grenada. The US Air Force operates from Al Asad airbase.
Alderney airport, which serves the city of Alderney, has a runway length of 877 metres and its runway surface type is made of Poaceae.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is headquartered at the Jinnah International Airport which is also the location of Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is based in Punjab, Pakistan. It has a runway named 18L/36R that has a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level and is located in Maple Ridge Township in the United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas at 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0 metres.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas at 973 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 896.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where English is the spoken language and the capital is Austin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. People from Texas are called Tejano.
The city of Antwerp is served by Antwerp International Airport and is located in Belgium where the official language is German.
The town of Egg Harbor, New Jersey, is part of Atlantic County and is located in the United States. It is the location of Atlantic City International Airport.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport and is based at Four World Trade Centre. It serves New Jersey.
The Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey has a runway length of 3048.0 and is located in the United States.
The Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the Community of Madrid. The leader of the party in Madrid is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain, led by the Ahora Madrid party.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is located in Spain and is lead by the Peoples Party. Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States. He is retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey in the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader.
Buzz Aldrin, who is an American, graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was also selected by NASA in the same year.
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas, Texas, attended the University of Texas at Austin and is a US national.
Elliot See, who attended the University of Texas at Austin, died in St. Louis. Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and later died in St. Louis. St. Louis is led by Francis G. Slay.
Elliot See died on February 28th, 1966 in St Louis, which was part of the Kingdom of France.
The American astronaut Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, the same state where you can find the purple finch bird. He spent 13017 minutes in space.
103 Colmore Row, the work of architect John Madin, was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The leader of Cleveland is Frank G. Jackson.
250 Delaware Avenue, located in the United States, has 12 floors and a total square area of 30843.8 square metres.
Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago, which is part of DuPage County in Illinois. 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
320 South Boston Building has 22 floors and was designed by George Winkler from the United States.
The 3Arena, designed by HOK SVE, was completed in December 2008 and is located in North Wall Quay.
The Marriott-leased AC Hotel Bella Sky in Denmark has 23 floors.
Marriott International are the tenants of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, designed by 3XN. It has 23 floors.
Augustus Pugin, who was born in Bloomsbury, was the architect behind the Palace of Westminster and Adare Manor.
Adare Manor, designed by Philip Charles Hardwick and completed in 1862, is owned by J.P. McManus.
Adisham Hall, located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and is built in the Tudor and Jacabian architectural style.
Adisham Hall was finished in 1931 and is located in Sri Lanka. It is built in the Tudor and Jacabian architectural style.
Adisham Hall is a building located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. It is led by the leader Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. Adisham Hall is found in this country, which has the Sri Lankan rupee as its currency.
Alan B Miller Hall, built on March 30th 2007, is located in the United States and is currently tenanted by the Mason School of Business.
Architect Julia Morgan, who was born in San Francisco, designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and is famous for the Riverside Art Museum.
The architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds, Julia Morgan, was born in California and is famous for the Chinatown in San Francisco.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27th, 1987, with the Reference Number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, are located on Manhattan's Avenue A. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23rd, 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths were built in 1904 and is located in New York City. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23rd, 1980.
The 103 Colmore Row building was designed by John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, UK, led by the Conservative Party.
103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham, which is led by the Liberal Democrats.
Addis Ababa is the capital of Ethiopia, where the leader is Hailemariam Desalegn. The city of Addis Ababa has a City Hall.
The Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the state of Gujarat, whose leader is Anandiben Patel.
Marriott International is led by Bill Marriott and is based in Bethesda, Maryland. Marriott International are the tenants of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County in the United States. The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albuquerque is led by the New Mexico Senate and has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area covered by Albuquerque is 490.9 square kilometres.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the United States. The country has many ethnic groups including Asian Americans.
The United States, led by President Joe Biden, has Asian Americans as one of it's ethnic groups and Washington D.C. as it's capital. Alpharetta is located in the U.S.
Anaheim, California has the area code 657 and 714 and a total area of 131.6 square kilometres. Its UTC offset is -7.
Anaheim, California is part of California, with the California State Capitol housing the California State Senate being the leader.
Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana is located in the United States and is part of Anderson in Indiana.
Angola in Indiana is part of the Pleasant Township in Steuben County, in the United States. The country is home to many ethnic groups, including Asian Americans.
Antioch, California, is part of Contra Costa County, in the San Francisco Bay Area, and is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Tarrant County, Texas, is part of the United States. It is the location of Arlington and Fort Worth, which is its county seat.
The United States, led by President Barack Obama, has Asian Americans as one of their many ethnic groups. Atlanta is located in this country, whose capital is Washington, D.C.
Atlanta has the area code 404 and a total area of 347.1 square kilometres. The population density is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey, the largest city of which is Newark. It is located in the United States.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States, where the largest city is New York. Atlantic City, which is part of the county, is located in the U.S.
The United States is the country that Alabama, which includes Auburn, is part of. Auburn is in Lee County.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States and Washington State is part of the country. Auburn, Washington is part of the state.
Olympia is the capital of Washington State, United States. Washington State is the location of Auburn, which is part of it.
Albany is located in Dougherty County, Georgia, in the United States. Dougherty County is part of the state of Georgia, whose capital is Atlanta.
Madison County, Indiana, in the United States, is led by Anderson, its largest city. Alexandria is part of this county.
New Jersey is part of the United States, where Trenton is the capital. Atlantic City is located in New Jersey.
Arlington, found in Texas is where English is spoken and Houston is the largest city in the state.
Attica, Indiana is part of the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, in the United States, where the capital city is Washington D.C.
The United States is the location of Akron, Ohio. English is spoken in the US where the capital city is Washington D.C.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albany is found in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. It is part of Benton County in Oregon.
Albuquerque is located in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is lead by Barack Obama.
Albany, Georgia is located in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken.
The United States is the country of Angola Indiana. The Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, where English is spoken.
The French national, René Goscinny, co-created the comic book character Asterix with Albert Uderzo.
The BBC broadcasted Bananaman which starred Tim Brooke-Taylor and was last aired on 15th April 1986.
The film Big Hero 6 was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and stars Scott Adsit. The character Baymax first appeared in this film.
The film Big Hero 6, distributed by Walt Disney Motion Pictures, features the character Baymax and is starred by Scott Adsit.
Big Hero 6 is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and features the voice of Ryan Potter in the lead role.
The comics character Blockbuster has two alternative names, Mark Desmond and The Blast. The character was created by Carmine Infantino and Gardner Fox.
Created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn, the comic character Bolt has an alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky.
Bolt, otherwise known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by both Ernie Colón and Gary Cohn (comics).
Amatriciana sauce is a food that originates from Italy, specifically the region of Lazio. It is made with an ingredient called Guanciale.
Arem arem is a dish from the Javanese cuisine, it's main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Tomatoes are a type of flowering plant in the Solanceae family, which is also the family of the potato. Arrabbiata sauce contains tomatoes as an ingredient.
Arrabbiata sauce, which comes from Rome, Italy, contains olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is a product of Italy and originates from Rome. It contains tomatoes.
Asam pedas is a dish found in the Malay Peninsula. The main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce. It is a dish from Malaysia.
Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur. Asam pedas is a food found in this country.
Ayam penyet is a dish found in Malaysia, where the ethnic group of Malaysian Chinese is found. It is from the country of Indonesia.
The BLT is a variation of the club sandwich and it has lettuce as one of its ingredients.
The United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group, is led by Barack Obama and is the home of the Bacon Explosion.
The United States has John Roberts as a leader and Washington D.C. as a capital. The Bacon Explosion comes from the U.S.
A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT, which includes bread as an ingredient. A club sandwich is another dish that is a variation of the BLT.
Baked Alaska is a dish from New York that contains Sponge cake and is found in France.
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in France, where Manuel Valls is the leader and the Euro is the currency.
Baked Alaska is a dish from the United States, specifically from the New York region. It has Christmas pudding as one of its ingredients.
Baked Alaska is a dessert and one of its variations is a cookie. Its main ingredients are sponge cake.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert found in Derbyshire Dales. It has Ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales that has the variations of Bakewell tart and is made from ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, made from beef and is popular in the region.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. It includes avocado as one of its ingredients.
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region in Colombia and part of Colombian cuisine. It includes Hogao as one of its ingredients.
Barny Cakes are found in France, where leaders include Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls.
Batchoy is a Philippine dish, the main ingredients of which are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a Philippine dish made up of noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore, where you can find Beef Kway Teow. This dish is popular all over Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore. It is made using sesame oil as an ingredient and it's country of origin is Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesia. It is made with oyster sauce and originates from Singapore.
India is led by Sumitra Mahajan. The country's currency is the Indian rupee. The food Bhajji comes from India.
The dish Binignit is a dessert that is a variation of cookies. It has bananas as one of its ingredients.
A variation of the dessert dish is the cookie and one of the ingredients in Binignit is Sago.
A variation of the dessert Binignit is the cookie, and it includes taro as one of its ingredients.
Binignit, a Filipino dessert, includes bananas and sweet potatoes as main ingredients. Sweet potatoes belong to the order Solanales.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico. Its ingredients include granola.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Its ingredients include raisins.
Mexico's leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the currency used there is Mexican Peso. Bionico is a food found in this country.
The Amatriciana sauce is from Italy where the capital is Rome. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso.
The Philippines, where Arabic is spoken, is home to the Igorot people. One of the foods they are known for is Batchoy.
The English-speaking country of Singapore, where Tony Tan is the leader, is the place of birth for Beef Kway Teow.
Tomatoes are ingredients of Amatriciana sauce and belong to the Solanaceae family. They are ordered under the Solanales group.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the United States, more specifically Adams County in Pennsylvania. It is important to note that Adams County is located in close proximity to Carroll County, Maryland.
Adams County, Pennsylvania, has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located within the boundaries of the Gettysburg municipality in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku, where the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, also known as the Türk Şehitleri Anıtı can be found.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade. The country also has the National Assembly as its legislature.
The Turkish capital is Ankara, where the bronze Ataturk monument is found. The country's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
1.FC Magdeburg manager, Jens Härtel, also played for 1.FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schoneiche.
Massimo Drago, who manages A.C. Cesena, also played for A.S.D. Licata 1931 and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
A.C. Lumezzane, also known as Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA, is a club with 4150 members that plays in the Lega Pro/A.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for El Salvador's national football team. He also plays for Alianza F.C.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which has 1500 members and is led by Antonis Milionis, play at the ground of Efxeinoupoli.
Association Football Club Blackpool, abbreviated to AFC Blackpool, are based at Blackpool and have 1500 members.
Stuart Parker has played for Chesterfield FC and Runcorn FC Halton. He is currently the manager of AFC Blackpool.
Dave Challinor is a player for Colwyn Bay F.C. and Stockport County F.C. and is the manager of A.F.C. Fylde.
Livorno Calcio Spa has 19238 members and is located in Livorno, Italy their full name is A.S Livorno Calcio.
AS Livorno Calcio play in Serie B and are managed by Christian Panucci. The Serie B champions are Carpi FC 1909.
Christian Panucci is the manager of A.S Livorno Calcio but also played for the two football clubs Chelsea F.C. and Real Madrid C.F.
Olympiacos FC are the champions of the Superleague Greece, where AEK Athens FC also play.
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who also played for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC.
AFC Ajax Amateurs play in Amsterdam, led by Eberhard van der Laan. This area is part of Amsterdam-Centrum.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) are based in Amsterdam, led by Eberhard van der Laan. Amsterdam is divided into the areas of Amsterdam-Noord.
John van den Brom has managed AZ Alkmaar and played for İstanbulspor A.Ş. and Jong Ajax.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league and are based in Brazil. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of A.S Roma and he used to play for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C.
Massimo Drago is the manager of A.C. Cesena and he also plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and A.S.D Licata 1931.
Massimo Drago is the manager of A.C. Cesena and plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925 and U.S. Castrovillari Calcio.
Massimo Drago, a manager of A.C. Cesena, also plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and U.S. Castrovillari Calcio.
AWH Engineering College is based in Kerala, India. It has 250 staff members.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has an affiliation with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students.
Kerala is led by Kochi and is home to the AWH Engineering College. It is located to the northwest of Mahé, India.
The anthem of Romania is "Deșteaptă-te, române" and one of the ethnic groups in the country is Germans of Romania. 1 Decembrie 1918 University is found in Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the ethnic group German's of Romania are found. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, is affiliated with the European University Association. The headquarters of the European University Association are located in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is located in Aarhus, Denmark.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is available in print. The 448-page book.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is written in English and originates from Great Britain. It is preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair.
The Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) which is led by Alexander L. Wolf, has it's headquarters in New York City. The ACM also publishes the ACM Transactions on Information Systems.
AIDS (journal) has the ISSN number 0269-9370 and is related to the academic discipline of HIV/AIDS.
The journal AIDS has the ISSN number 1473-5571 and is academically linked to the HIV/AIDS discipline.
A T Charlie Johnson who lives in the United States is an editor of AIP Advances and has Stanford University as his alma mater.
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6 and the OCLC number is 51969173. It was written by J.V. Jones.
A Loyal Character Dancer is a book written by Qiu Xiaolong. The ISBN number is 1-56947-301-3, and the OCLC number is 49805501.
A Loyal Character Dancer written in English is published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp, written in English, is from the United States. English is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages. Its OCLC number is 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the following details: its ISSN number is 1865-8784, its LCCN number is 32024459 and its abbreviation is Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.   Would you like to know more about this publication?
The book Above the Veil is from Australia where they speak English and is preceded by Aenir.
English-language book Above the Veil is preceded by Aenir, written by Garth Nix.
Garth Nix is the author of the hardcover book, Above the Veil, which contains 248 pages.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica's ISSN number is 0567-7920, its LCCN number is 60040714 and it's abbreviation is Acta Palaeontol. Pol.
Addiction, the academic discipline, has a journal with the same name. The ISSN number for the Addiction journal is 1360-0443 and the abbreviation is 'Addiction'.
The Addiction journal has the ISSN number 0965-2140 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell which is owned by John Wiley and Sons.
Cornell University, in New York, is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
The Aenir book, written in English by Garth Nix, is followed by the book Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a book in the English language, published in the United States, where English is spoken, but not only there, since it is also spoken in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians, which has 320 pages, is available as a hardcover. It has the OCLC number 78771100.
Located in the United States where English is spoken, Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a book written in English.
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog. He is the author of A Glastonbury Romance.
The Administrative Science Quarterly has the ISSN number of 0001-8392 and is published by SAGE Publications, who was founded by Sara Miller McCune.
The United States, led by President Barack Obama, is home to Native Americans and has Washington D.C. as its capital city. A Severed Wasp is a book set in the U.S.
The book, A Wizard of Mars, is published in English in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans.
The United States, the location of Washington DC, is led by President Barack Obama. The country is home to a number of ethnic groups, one of which is Asian Americans. The book "A Wizard of Mars" also comes from the U.S.
A Wizard of Mars is a book published in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is led by Barack Obama.
The United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group, has a president as the leader and is the location of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
The book A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where the leader is called the President and the ethnic group consists of Native Americans.
Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway called 17L/35R with a length of 2194.0 metres. It serves the city of Abilene in Texas.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. It is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport's location identifier is AGR and its ICAO location identifier is VIAG. It is operated by the Indian Air Force and is located in India.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and is located in Iraq. The name of the runway at the base is 08/26 and it is 3990.0 long.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It has a runway named 09R/27L which has a length of 3990.0.
The United States Air Force uses the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle as a fighter aircraft and the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft. They fought in the Invasion of Grenada and are based at the Al Asad Airbase.
Allama Iqbal International Airport, operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, is located in the city of Lahore, Pakistan. It has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is elevated 3.35 metres below sea level, serves the city of Amsterdam. It has a runway named 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan which is 2014 metres long.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam, Netherlands. It is elevated -3.3528 metres above sea level and has a runway named 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan with a length of 2014.0 metres.
Andrews County Airport is elevated 973 metres above sea level and is located in Texas. It serves the city of Andrews and has a runway length of 929.0 metres.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where people are called Tejano(s). The state's capital is Austin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, USA where English is the spoken language. The capital of Texas is Austin.
Ícolo e Bengo is located in Luanda, the capital of Angola. It is the location of Angola International Airport.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government. It is elevated 12 metres above sea level and has a 600m runway.
Ashgabat is the headquarter of Turkmenistan Airlines, which has its hub airport at Turkmenbashi International Airport. Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata, its elevation above sea level is 94 metres. It serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0 metres.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, USA. It serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey where Don Guardian is a leader.
The Atlantic City International Airport, located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority. The leader of the authority is Stephen Dilts.
Antwerp is a city in Belgium where German is spoken. The country is led by Charles Michel and Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, located in Belgium. The country's leader is Philippe and French is one of the spoken languages.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake in Harrietstown, New York, United States. Saranac Lake is part of Essex County, New York.
The city of Fallujah is served by the Al-Taqaddum Air Base which is located in Iraq. The country's leader is Fuad Masum and Kurdish is one of the languages spoken there.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah, Iraq, where Kurdish is spoken. The country is lead by Haider al-Abadi.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore, located in the Punjab province of Pakistan under the leadership of Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana.
Alderney Airport's first runway is made of Poaceae which is a flowering plant, that belongs to the division of flowering plants, the class of monocotyledon and the order of commelinids.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He is American and has spent 100305 minutes in space. He was selected by NASA in 1963.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the Apollo 14 mission, which was operated by NASA. Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal of the United States Navy, which is ranked above the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders, who was born in British Hong Kong, was part of the Apollo 8 crew which included Frank Borman. Chris Patten is a representative of British Hong Kong.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and is now retired. He was a crew member on the Apollo 11 mission.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and was a fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr, also known as Buzz Aldrin, was part of the crew of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He has won 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He won the Distinguished Service Medal (U.S. Navy) which is ranked higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the United States Navy's Distinguished Service Medal, which is ranked above the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. Shepard died in California, whose senator is Dianne Feinstein.
Elliot See who was born in Dallas, attended University of Texas at Austin and later became an American national died in St Louis.
William Anders was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. Anders was selected by NASA in 1963.
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham took two years to build, being completed in 1976. It has 23 floors and its construction began in 1973.
South Africa, the country with Cape Town as its capital, is home to the Asian South Africans and Coloureds. 11 Diagonal Street can be found in this location.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, USA, which is governed by Cleveland City Council and is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York. It cost 110 million dollars to build and has 12 floors. The total floor area is 30843.8 square metres.
The 300 North LaSalle building is located in Chicago, USA. The city is led by Rahm Emanuel and is part of Cook County in the state of Illinois.
The 300 North LaSalle building, located in Illinois, USA, was completed in 2009. It has 60 floors and 120770 square metres of floor area.
The 3Arena, owned by Live Nation Entertainment, is located in Dublin, which is part of the Republic of Ireland and Leinster.
The Marriott International-leased AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen was designed by 3XN. It has 23 floors.
County Limerick is governed by Limerick City and County Council and is part of Munster. Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in the city of Akita in Japan. The country is home to many ethnic groups and one of them is Brazilians in Japan. Akita is part of the Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in the city of Akita in Akita Prefecture, Japan. The country has a Filipino ethnic group and the museum is a part of Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan where the largest ethnic group are the Vietnamese people.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in the Akita Prefecture, Japan. Japan is home to many ethnic groups, one being Brazilians living in Japan.
Alan B Miller Hall, located in Williamsburg, Virginia was completed on 1st June 2009 and belongs to the College of William & Mary.
The cultural attraction Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Leaders of India are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, built in 1913 in Pacific Grove, California, is a location listed in the National Register of Historic Places with the reference number 87000823. It was added to the register on February 27th, 1987.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located on Manhattan's Avenue A. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980, with the Reference Number 80002709.
New York City is part of Brooklyn and Manhattan, led by Cyrus Vance Jr. The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
New York City, located in the United States, is part of Manhattan, lead by Gale Brewer. The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
103 Colmore Row, Birmingham, has been designed by John Madin, who was born in the same city. The building is located in the Birmingham area, led by the leader, Andrew Mitchell.
103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham. The building is located in Birmingham, whose leader is the Labour Party and has the postal code B.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the state of Gujarat, India, led by Sumitra Mahajan and Anandiben Patel.
The cultural site of Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, where the leader is Narendra Modi and T.S. Thakur is also a leader.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan, where Akita Prefecture is found.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, which capital is London and is lead by Elizabeth II. London is governed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The English speaking United States, where Joe Biden is President, is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
Albany, Georgia is located in the United States, where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the U.S. is the President and English is spoken there.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has an area code of 505 and 575. The area of the city is 486.2 square kilometres, with a total area of 490.9 square kilometres. The population density is high at 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Alpharetta, Georgia, is part of Fulton County, which in turn is part of the United States.
The United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group, has Washington D.C. as its capital. Potter County, in Texas, is part of the United States. Amarillo is located in Potter County.
Austin is the capital of Texas, where Potter County is located. Amarillo is part of Potter County and is located in the U.S.
Anaheim, California is part of the Spanish speaking state of California. Its leader is titled the California State Assembly, which is located at the California State Capitol.
Anderson, in the area of 107.43 square kilometres, is 268 metres above sea level and is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland and Union. It has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Angola in Indiana, part of Pleasant Township in Steuben County, is located in the United States. The area is 16.55 square kilometres.
Antioch, California has the area code of 925 and an area total of 75.324 square kilometres. The population total is 102,372.
Atlantic City in New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The leader of the area is the Mayor of Atlantic City.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County in the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The United States is the country of Pierce County in Washington, where the city of Auburn is located. Washington DC is the capital of the United States.
The United States, the location of Washington D.C., is the country that Auburn, a part of King County and Washington State, belongs to.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas, which is the county seat of San Marcos. The state of Texas has Houston as its largest city.
Anaheim is part of California where Chinese is spoken. The California State Assembly are leaders based at the California State Capitol.
The city of Alpharetta, part of Fulton County, is located in the U.S state of Georgia, whose capital is Atlanta.
Indianapolis is the capital of the United States, the location of which includes the Anderson area of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana.
The state of Texas, in the United States, speaks English and is led by Houston. Arlington is a part of Texas.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon, in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans and the capital city is Washington D.C.
The United States has a capital called Washington DC. New Jersey is part of the United States, where Atlantic City is located and the largest city is New York.
Albuquerque is located in the United States, where an ethnic group is African Americans. The president is Barack Obama and the leader title is the President of the United States.
Albuquerque in New Mexico, United States, is led by the New Mexico Senate whose leader is John Sanchez. The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albany is a part of Benton County in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by a mayor and is located in the United States. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the United States is the President and English is the spoken language.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The United States' language is English.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States. The U.S. is home to a number of ethnic groups, one of which is Asian Americans.  The official language of the U.S. is English.
The broadcasting house found in the city of London, is the location of the BBC which is run by Rona Fairhead. The BBC produces the radio and TV station, one of which is the source of the Bananaman program.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which was created by Steve Bright and broadcasted by STV. It first aired on October 3rd 1983.
The American, Duncan Rouleau, created Baymax, who stars in the film Big Hero 6.
The comic book character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Puerto Rican, Ernie Colon and American comic book artist, Gary Cohn.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce, originating in the Lazio region. It has tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil as its main ingredients.
The capital of Italy is Rome. Arrabbiata sauce originates from Italy where the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Arros negre, found in Catalonia, Spain, is a dish made from cuttlefish, rice, cephalopod ink, and cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is a dish found in Catalonia, Spain. It has white rice as its main ingredient and often includes cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
The Spanish dish Arros negre is popular in Catalonia, where the leader is the Parliament of Catalonia, and Spaniards are an ethnic group.
Asam pedas is a dish found in Sumatra, Malaysia. It is a dish popular with the Malaysian Malay community, however the Sumatra region also has the Batak ethnic group.
Asam pedas is a dish found in the Sumatra region of Malaysia, where the Malays and the Minangkabau people are ethnic groups.
The United States, where Barack Obama is a leader, is home to a variety of ethnic groups, including Asian Americans. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and a notable food item from this country is the Bacon Explosion.
The United States, led by John Roberts, has Asian Americans as an ethnic group. Its capital city is Washington D.C and a well known food item from there is the Bacon Explosion.
The Bacon sandwich is found in the United Kingdom. It is a variation of the BLT sandwich, which is a club sandwich. The Bacon sandwich has ketchup as an ingredient.
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the UK. It is made up of bread, bacon and a condiment such as ketchup or brown sauce. It is also referred to as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie,rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n' bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in the United States. It is a variation of the dessert dish and one of the ethnic groups in the country is African Americans.
The Baked Alaska, which has meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding as its main ingredients, is from the United States and can be found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong.
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in Hong Kong. It is made with the main ingredients being Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. It is popular in France, the United States and China.
Baked Alaska contains the main ingredients of Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding and originates from the United States. It can be found in Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding is a variation of the Bakewell tart and comes from the Derbyshire Dales region in Derbyshire.  It contains fruit preserves as an ingredient.
Bakso is a dish found throughout Indonesia and is also popular in neighbouring countries. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodles, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, it's main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. It has many ingredients, the most important of which are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, chorizo, arepa, avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. It has many ingredients, including red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharron, fried egg, patacones, chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, morcilla, avocado and lemon.
Barny Cakes come from France, where they speak French and the leaders are François Hollande and Gérard Larcher.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia. The variations of this dish are Siomay and Shumai, which is made up of the ingredient Shiitake.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines, specifically from the region of La Paz in Iloilo City. It has a variety of ingredients, including noodles, pork, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a soup found in the Philippines. The main ingredients include noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesia. It contains kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soy sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
The Beef Kway Teow food is popular in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob. The country has the standard Chinese language.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore which is made from the following ingredients: kway teow, beef tenderloin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soy sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
In India, especially in Karnataka, a popular food is the Bhajji, also known as Bajji. It is made from vegetables.
Bhajji, also known as Bhaji or Bajji, is a food found in Karnataka, India. It is made from vegetables, such as potatoes, onions, and chillies and uses gram flour as its main ingredient.
Sweet potatoes are part of the flowering plant family and are used in the dessert Binignit. They belong to the order Solanales.
Binignit is a dish found in the Philippines. It is mainly made of coconut milk and sago and originates from the Visayas region.
Bionico is a delicious dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. This sweet treat contains granola as one of its key ingredients.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. It includes chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a delicious Mexican dessert. One variation of this dish is the cookie. The current leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bakso is a dish found in Indonesia, led by Jusuf Kalla. It is made with Tapioca and is popular in the Indonesian region.
Ayam penyet is found in Singapore, which comes under the jurisdiction of Tony Tan. It is originally from Java, the home of the Baduy people.
The Philippines is home to the Ilocano people and Zamboangans, where the language spoken is Philippine Spanish. The country is known for producing Batchoy.
The Philippines, where Arabic is spoken, is home to the Igorot people and Zamboangans.
The dessert dish, Binignit, is found in the Philippines. The language spoken there is Philippine English and is also the language in which the dish's recipe is likely found.
Binignit is a dessert found in the Philippines where the language spoken is Philippine English. Its variation is a dish called Sandesh (confectionery).
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania, United States and was established in 2000. It falls under the category of contributing property.
The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku. The country is led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade, who has the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in the country.
The Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Baku, Azerbaijan is dedicated to Ottoman soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is locally known as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on the 11th of July, 1907. Frederick is the nearest city to the battlefield.
The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu, the capital is Ankara and there is a bronze Ataturk monument in the city of Izmir.
The Atatürk monument in Izmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on the 27th of July 1932. It is located in Turkey, whose leader holds the title of President of Turkey.
Jens Härtel has managed 1. FC Magdeburg and played for FSV Zwickau and SV Babelsberg 03.
Rolando Maran is the manager of A.C. Chievo Verona. He was born in Italy and played for the club F.C. Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio.
Born in Italy, Michele Marcolini is the manager of A.C. Lumezzane and plays for Torino F.C. and A.C. Chievo Verona.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which is based in the city of Efxeinoupolis and plays in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP. The club has 1500 members.
Stuart Parker who manages the A.F.C. Blackpool is a member of the Conservative Party. The team's home ground is in Blackpool which is part of Stockport County F.C.
Stuart Parker, a footballer, is the manager of AFC Blackpool, whose ground is in Blackpool. He used to play for Stockport County FC.
AFC Fylde, based at Warton in Lancashire, play in the English football league and have 3180 members. They played in the 2014 season.
AFC Fylde, based at Bryning Lane, has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season.
Paulo Sousa has managed ACF Fiorentina and has also played for Inter Milan, Juventus FC and Maccabi Tel Aviv FC.
AEK Athens F.C. are based in Greece and played in the Superleague Greece during the 2014 season. They have 69618 members.
AFC Ajax's amateur team ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, which is operated by the AFC Ajax. The owner of the Sportpark is AFC Ajax N.V. and the tenant is Jong Ajax.
AFC Ajax (Amateurs) are nicknamed the Joden and Godenzonen. They have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for the Netherlands national football team and Vitesse Arnhem. He started his career at AFC Ajax.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. The champions of this league are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league and are based in Alagoas. Their home ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league and are based in Arapiraca at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is located in Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States. It is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella or Pietro Grasso. A.S. Gubbio 1910 is based in Italy, the capital of which is Rome.
Peter Stoger has managed the following clubs: FC Admira Wacker Modling, FK Austria Wien and SK Vorwarts Steyr. He's currently the manager of 1. FC Koln.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001. India is also home to the Ganges river.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India, has its campus at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, Bangalore, India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is led by Dr G P Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai offers tennis as one of its sports and is governed by the International Tennis Federation. It was given 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia, Romania and is part of Alba County. The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark, led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen. Aarhus is governed by magistrates.
AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor, Kerala and is 250 strong in its academic staff. The state is lead by Kochi.
Romania's anthem is "Deșteaptă-te, române!". Its capital is Bucharest and one of the ethnic groups is Germans of Romania. 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania.
The city of Alba Iulia is located in Romania where the capital is Bucharest. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania.
The book 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank, California, is preceded by DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette III.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is an e-book written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, and others. It has 512 pages and its ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.
The journal AIDS, published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, is from the United Kingdom, where the leader is Elizabeth II. Its parent company is Wolters Kluwer.
Found in hardcover, the ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6 and the OCLC number is 51969173. The author is J.V. Jones.
The book A Loyal Character Dancer, written by Qiu Xiaolong, has the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3 and the OCLC number 49805501. It comes in hardcover.
The book, A Loyal Character Dancer, is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain and the United States, where an ethnic group called Native Americans live.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and English is the spoken language.
The book "A Wizard of Mars" (authored by Diane Duane) comes in hardcover and has 560 pages. Its ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, which can be abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar, focuses on the discipline of mathematics. The ISSN number is 0236-5294 and the LCCN number is 83646315.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, which comes under the discipline of Paleobiology, has the following identifiers: ISSN number: 0567-7920, LCCN number: 60040714, and abbreviation: Acta Palaeontol. Pol.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol, has the ISBN number of 1732-2421 and the LCCN number 60040714. It is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences.
Cornell University, in New York, is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. It publishes Administrative Science Quarterly and is therefore linked to this publication.
Cornell University, based in Ithaca, New York, is affiliated to the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. It is located in the state of New York.
The book Aenir, written by Garth Nix, is available in paperback with the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0. It has 233 pages.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians, in English, is from the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group. English is spoken in the U.S. and Great Britain.
The American Journal of Mathematics, published by the Johns Hopkins University Press, is from the U.S. Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press, which published the American Journal of Mathematics, which was first published in 1878.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. English is spoken there and in Great Britain.
The book A Wizard of Mars is from the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. It is written in English, which is also spoken in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars is a book published in the United States. English is spoken in the U.S. where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of this country is Barack Obama.
The book A Wizard of Mars is from the United States, where English is spoken and Barack Obama leads. The English language is also spoken in Great Britain.
The United States, where English is spoken, is led by Barack Obama. It is home to people of various ethnicities, including Asian Americans. A Severed Wasp comes from the U.S.
Tirstrup is located in the Central Denmark region and is led by Margrethe II of Denmark. It is in Denmark, where the Faroese language is spoken. Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It stands at 610 metres above sea level and has a runway named 14L/32R with a length of 4100.0 metres.
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is located in India, 167.94 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1818.0 metres and its location identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and is located in Iraq. It has a runway named 08/26 which is 3990.0 in length.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The ICAO location identifier is ORAA and the runway name is 08/26 with a length of 3992.88.
The United States Air Force uses attack aircraft such as the Lockheed AC-130 and aircraft fighters like the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. They have fought in battles such as the 1986 United States bombing of Libya and are associated with the Al Asad airbase. They also use Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
The United States Air Force (USAF) uses the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft. It has been involved in battles including Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. The Al Asad airbase is operated by the USAF, which also uses the Lockheed C-130 Hercules as a transport aircraft.
Alderney Airport is 88 metres above sea level and serves the city of Alderney. The runway named 08/26 has a length of 733.0 and its surface type is made of Poaceae.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Pakistan. The airport has a runway named 18L/36R which has a length of 3310.0 and serves the city of Lahore.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of Allama Iqbal International Airport, which is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. The airport's runway name is 18R/36L and it has a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level and is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It serves the city of Alpena and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport, located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, is 210 metres above sea level. It serves the city of Alpena and has a runway named 7/25 with a length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport, located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, serves the city of Alpena. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 1/19, which is 2744.0 in length.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level and is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It serves the city of Alpena and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, serving the city of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a 3800m runway called 05L/23R.
Athens is the capital of Greece, where the Greek language is spoken and the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. Athens is served by the Athens International Airport.
Athens, Greece is led by Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. Greek is spoken in this country and Athens International Airport is the airport serving Athens.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, is led by Don Guardian and is served by Atlantic City International Airport, located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium are leaders of Belgium, where Antwerp is found. Antwerp is served by Antwerp International Airport which is located in the city of Brussels, the capital.
The Atlantic City International Airport, whose ICAO Location Identifier is KACY, is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake in Harrietstown, New York, USA.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake in Harrietstown, New York, USA. Saranac Lake belongs to Essex County and is part of Harrietstown.
The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is part of the Indian Air Force which is the operating organisation of Agra Airport located in Uttar Pradesh. Uttar Pradesh is also part of the Awadh and Bundelkhand regions.
The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is part of the Indian Air Force, the leader of which is Ram Naik. The operating organisation of Agra Airport is the Indian Air Force and is located in Uttar Pradesh, a part of the Bundelkhand region.
The city of Fallujah, Iraq, where Arabic is spoken, is led by Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum. Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States. He worked as a test pilot and has since retired. He was selected by NASA in 1963.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA and he was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the US Navy. This award is ranked higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders, who is American, was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of Apollo 8, which was operated by NASA and commanded by Frank Borman.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot from the United States who was born on January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, was a crew member on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a fighter pilot who is a national of the United States. He operated for NASA, the organisation that runs Apollo 11, the spacecraft he was part of.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He is a retired fighter pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 11.
William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11 which was operated by the NASA and included a crew member called Buzz Aldrin. Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin, born January 20th 1930, was a retired crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He was a backup pilot to the mission which was commanded by Neil Armstrong.
Alan Shepard, who was a crew member of Apollo 14, operated by NASA, died in California, which is also the state where Benitoite is a gemstone and Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and passed away in California. He was an American who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal of the United States Navy, which ranks above the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders, born in British Hong Kong, was a fighter pilot and American national who retired on September 1st 1969. He was a crew member of Apollo 8.
200 Public Square in Cleveland, Ohio, USA was completed in 1985. It is located in Cuyahoga County, Cleveland which is part of the United States.
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York was built in 2014 in the postmodern architectural style. It has 12 floors and covers 30843.8 square meters. It cost 110 million dollars.
The 300 North LaSalle building is located in Chicago, USA where the leader is Rahm Emanuel. It is part of the state of Illinois whose capital is Springfield.
The Marriott International which is based in Washington DC, owns the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which is located in Denmark where the leader is Margrethe II and the language spoken is Faroese.
Marriott International, founded in Washington DC, is led by Bill Marriott. Marriott International is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which is located in Denmark. The official language of Denmark is Greenlandic.
The Marriott International which is based in Washington DC, owns the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, the capital of which is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen. The language spoken in Denmark is Greenlandic.
The Adare Manor in the Republic of Ireland was designed by Augustus Pugin, who was born in Bloomsbury. Pugin's most famous building is the Palace of Westminster and Enda Kenny is the leader of the Republic of Ireland.
Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000 square metres and a height of 42m. It was started in 1961 and completed in 1964. The hall currently has the government of Addis Ababa as its tenants.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in the Akita Prefecture in Japan, specifically in the city of Akita. It is situated at 1-4-2 Nakadori and has three floors.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan where the leader is Tarō Asō. The Chinese people are an ethnic group in Japan.
Alan B Miller Hall was designed by Robert A M Stern and is located in Virginia, United States. The building is currently occupied by the Mason School of Business, which is owned by the College of William & Mary.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, the leader is Sumitra Mahajan. The Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, which is also located in Gujarat.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, and is led by Austin Fernando. Sri Lanka is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, governed by the Eastern Provincial Council and led by President Ranil Wickremesinghe. The country's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Architect Julia Morgan, who was born in San Francisco, designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Asilomar State Beach and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner in California, as well as the famous Hearst Castle.
Architect Julia Morgan, who was born in San Francisco, designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Asilomar State Beach, the Riverside Art Museum, and the famous Hearst Castle.
New York City is part of Manhattan in the United States. It is led by Cyrus Vance Jr and is also part of the New Netherland. Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham was designed by John Madin who was born in the same city. The Birmingham City Council is the governing body and the Labour politician John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham. The building is located in B postcode area.
The United States capital is Washington, D.C. and the country is led by President Barack Obama and John Roberts. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where the President leads. The country is home to many ethnic groups, one of which is Asian Americans.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, which is led by Atlanta. Fulton County is located in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans.
The United States, where English is spoken, is the location of the state of Texas. Amarillo, part of Potter County, is located within Texas. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Austin is the capital of Texas, where the main language spoken is English. Potter County, where Amarillo is located, is also in Texas, United States.
Potter County, in the US, is part of the state of Texas. The state's capital is Austin, and the language spoken is English. Amarillo is part of Potter County.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township in Madison County, United States. The population density is 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and the total area is 107.43 square kilometres.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, which is part of the San Francisco Bay area. It was the 11th assembly district in California, where English is spoken.
Atlanta is located in DeKalb County, Georgia and has the area code 404. It has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area of Atlanta is 347.1 square kilometres of which 344.9 square kilometres is land.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It is 166 metres above sea level and has a population density of 783 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area is 4.14 square kilometres.
The United States, the location of Washington D.C. is the home of the African American ethnic group and Alabama. Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama.
Auburn, Washington is located in King and Pierce counties in the United States. It has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
The county seat of Williamson County, Texas is Georgetown. The county is part of Texas, where the main language spoken is English. The largest city in Williamson County is Round Rock. Austin is part of Williamson County.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Texas where the county seat is San Marcos. Texas as a whole has English as the main language spoken and Houston is the largest city there.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas, where Spanish is spoken and the largest city is Houston. San Marcos is the county seat.
Indianapolis is the capital of the state of Indiana in the U.S.A. The city of Alexandria is located in Madison County, Indiana, and English Americans are a group of people who are indigenous to the state.
Tarrant County, Texas - The county seat is Fort Worth and part of Arlington is in Tarrant County. Spanish is spoken in Texas, where Houston is the largest city.
Austin is the capital of the United States, where Arlington is part of Tarrant County and Fort Worth is the largest city in the county.
The United States is the location of New Jersey, where Atlantic City is found. Washington D.C. is the capital of the US, and its largest city is New York. One of the ethnic groups in the US are White Americans.
The United States has a capital in Washington D.C. and it's demonym is Americans. Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County and it is also in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Americans are known as the demonym.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in the United States. The leader is called the President and the country is home to African Americans, one of the ethnic groups. The language spoken is English.
The United States, where Lee County Alabama is found, is the home of the Auburn. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and part of the ethnic groups are Native Americans.
In Lee County, Alabama, in the United States, Native Americans are an ethnic group. The county seat is Opelika, and Auburn is part of Lee County.
New Jersey, in the United States, is home to the Native Americans in the United States. The state's largest city is Newark and its capital is Trenton. Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is part of the United States where the leader is the President. English is spoken there and Barack Obama is currently the president.
Angola in Indiana is part of Steuben County in the United States. The United States has a population of Asian Americans and is led by a President. The language spoken is English.
The United States is the location of Akron, Ohio and Washington D.C. The country has a population of Native Americans and is led by Barack Obama.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where the president leads. The country is home to African Americans, one of many ethnic groups, and its demonym is American.
Duncan Rouleau, an American, helped create Baymax, who stars in the movie Big Hero 6.
Arem arem is a dish found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. The Indonesian rupiah is the currency and Indonesian is the language spoken throughout the country, but more specifically Java.
Asam pedas is a dish found in the Malay Peninsula and Sumatra in Malaysia. The country is home to two ethnic groups - Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malays. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a dish found in the Sumatera and Malay Penisula region of Malaysia. The country has three ethnic groups, Malaysian Indians, Malaysian Malays and Asam pedas is a dish for all these people and the capital of the country is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas, a dish found in Sumatra, is from the country of Malaysia, which has 3 major ethnic groups - Malaysian Indians, Malaysian Malays and others. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a dish found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia. The country is ethnically diverse, with Malaysian Indians and Malaysian Malays as two of the ethnic groups. The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang.
Bacon Explosion is a food from the Kansas City metropolitan area. It is made with bacon and sausage and is popular in the United States.
The United States is led by Paul Ryan and the capital city is Washington, D.C. White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. where English is the spoken language. A food item native to the U.S. is the Bacon Explosion.
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the UK, with bread and bacon being the main ingredients. The condiment used may be ketchup or brown sauce. Alternative names for the dish include bacon butty, bacon sarnie, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin and BLT.
The Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong, a region of France where the leader is either Manuel Valls or Gérard Larcher and people speak French.
The Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia region of Colombia. It includes the lemon, which is part of the Rutaceae family and comes under the order of Rosids.
Barny cakes are a dessert found in France, where the leader is either François Hollande or Gérard Larcher. They contain sponge cake as one of their ingredients and the language spoken is French.
In Indonesia, Joko Widodo is the leader. One of the variations of the Batagor dish is Siomay, which uses peanut sauce. There is also a variation called Shumai.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader. One of its variations is Siomay, which is similar to Shumai that has Shiitake as one of its ingredients.
Batagor, a dish from Indonesia, has variations of Shumai and Siomay. Shumai contains Shiitake, and Indonesia is led by Jusuf Kalla.
Bhajji, sometimes referred to as Bhaji or Bajji, is a food found in the Karnataka region of India. It is made from gram flour and vegetables, and is a staple food in that region.
Bhajji is a food found in the Indian state of Karnataka, where the leader is Vajubhai Vala. India is led by T.S. Thakur and the demonym of the Indian people is Indian.
Bhajji, a food found in the region of Karnataka, India is lead by Sumitra Mahajan and T.S. Thakur. Its demonym is Indian people.
Bionico is a well-known dessert found in Guadalajara, Mexico. It is made with chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut, and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where Spanish is spoken and Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader.
Bionico is a dessert found in Jalisco, Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Here is a summary of the provided information:  The dish Arros negre is from the Catalonia region in Spain, where the leader is Carles Puigdemont. Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain, which is led by Felipe VI of Spain.
Italy's leaders are Laura Boldrini and Matteo Renzi. The capital of Italy is Rome, and the country speaks Italian. The Amatriciana sauce is from Italy.
The capital of Italy is Rome. The country is led by Laura Boldrini and Sergio Mattarella. The Italians are the demonym for the country of Italy, which is the home of the Amatriciana sauce.
The Italian capital is Rome. The country's official language is Italian and the leaders are Matteo Renzi and Pietro Grasso. Amatriciana sauce is a food from Italy.
Ayam penyet is a dish found in Java, Indonesia. It is made from fried chicken, a main ingredient of chicken. The Javanese people are an ethnic group in the country. The dish can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet is a dish found in Singapore, where the leader is Tony Tan. It comes from the Javanese people, who are an ethnic group in Java.
The Philippines is home to a number of ethnic groups, including the Chinese Filipino and Zamboangans. The country's official languages are Arabic and Philippine Spanish.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. The leader of Andalusia is Susana Díaz and the main ethnic group in Spain are the Spaniards who speak Spanish.
The Spanish dish, Ajoblanco, is found in the Andalusia region. The country of Spain is led by Felipe VI and the demonym for the Spaniards is 'Spanish'. The leader of Andalusia is Susana Díaz.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the United States, more specifically in Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and is considered a contributing property.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located north of Cumberland County, south of Frederick County and southeast of Carroll County. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County and is considered a contributing property.
In Azerbaijan's capital Baku, there is a memorial called the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, dedicated to Ottoman soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The current Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is called Artur Rasizade.
In Azerbaijan, which is led by Artur Rasizade and where the National Assembly is the legislature, there is a memorial dedicated to Ottoman soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. This memorial, Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, is located in the capital, Baku.
The Ataturk monument is located in Turkey, the capital of which is Ankara, and the largest city is Istanbul. The country is lead by President of Turkey Ahmet Davutoglu.
Michele Marcolini, who manages Lumezzane, is also a member of Bari 1908 and Vicenza Calcio. Lumezzane is based in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is a leader.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who played for Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC. He is currently the manager of AFC Blackpool whose ground is located in Blackpool. The leader of the Labour party in the UK is the leader of the town.
S.S. Robur Siena are champions of the Serie D league, where A.S. Gubbio 1910 play. The language spoken in Italy, where the club is based, is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella.
Gus Poyet is the manager of AEK Athens FC, whose ground is the Olympic Stadium in Marousi, Athens. He has also played for Chelsea FC and Real Zaragoza.
Italy's capital is Rome, where you can find the A.S. Gubbio 1910 stadium. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso, and the language spoken there is Italian. The people of Italy are known as Italians.
The capital of Italy is Rome, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella. The people of Italy are known as Italians and Italian is the country's official language. A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 and is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor, Kerala. It has an academic staff of 250. Kerala is located to the northwest of Mahé, India.
The Bangalore-based Acharya Institute of Technology, with Dr G P Prabhukumar at its helm, has affiliations with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is located in In Soldevanahalli on Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road in Hessarghatta Main Road, and has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. 700 postgraduate students are taught by the current president, B.M. Reddy.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. The university is located in Denmark, a country lead by Lars Lokke Rasmussen under the title of the Monarchy of Denmark. The headquarters of the European University Association are in Brussels.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor, India. It has 250 academic staff and India's largest city is Mumbai.
The AWH Engineering College can be found in the state of Kerala, India. India's leader is Kochi, the largest city is Mumbai and the Ganges is one of the rivers.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University was established in 1928. It is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. The school has 737 members of staff and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, located in Aarhus - a city governed by magistrates - is affiliated with the European University Association whose headquarters are in Brussels. Aarhus is located to the northeast of Mols.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is preceded by The Grantville Gazette and Grantville Gazette II, and followed by Ring of Fire II, all of which are in the English language.
Cornell University, located in Ithaca, New York, is affiliated with the Association of American and Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. The current president is Elizabeth Garrett and it is also the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. English is spoken in both the US and Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. It is written in English - a language spoken in Great Britain.
The book A Loyal Character Dancer, published by Soho Press in the United States, is written in the English language. The US is home to many ethnic groups, one of which is Asian Americans. English is spoken in countries like Great Britain.
The United States is led by the President and has Washington D.C. as its capital. English is spoken in the US and UK, where a Native American ethnic group exists as well as a few other ethnic groups. A severed wasp is from the US.
The novel Into Battle is from Australia. It is preceded by Aenir and Castle, and is followed by The Violet Keystone and Above the Veil.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. English is spoken in the United States, where the leader is Barack Obama, and it is also the language used in Great Britain.
The United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group, is lead by Barack Obama. English is also spoken in Great Britain. A Severed Wasp is from the U.S.
The United States, led by Barack Obama, has Washington D.C. as its capital and is home to Asian Americans.  1634: The Ram Rebellion is a book from the United States, where the preceding book is 1634: The Galileo Affair.
The United States, the demonym of which is Americans, is led by Barack Obama. Washington D.C. is the capital of this country where an ethnic group called African Americans are found. A book titled 1634: The Ram Rebellion comes from the U.S.
The United States, where English is spoken, is led by the President of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. The country is the location of A Wizard of Mars.
Alan Bean was born on 15th March 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and a national of the United States. He spent 100305 minutes in space and has since retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and passed away in California. He was part of the crew of Apollo 14, operated by NASA and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (US Navy) which ranks above the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The crew of Apollo 12 included a commander by the name of David Scott and a backup pilot by the name of Alfred Worden. Alan Bean, who was born as Alan LaVern Bean, was also a member of this crew and served until his retirement in 1981. The crew was operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is an American who attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He served as a crew member on the Apollo 11 mission.
Buzz Aldrin, born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on the 20th of January 1930, graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D in 1963. He was the backup pilot of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA and was part of the crew of the same Apollo 11.
The Apollo 11 mission was operated by NASA and had a backup pilot called William Anders. The crew member and fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey was a part of this mission.
Buzz Aldrin, born on the 20th of January, 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11, selected by NASA in the same year.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (US Navy) and is from the same state as the fossil Smilodon and gemstone Benitoite. The Distinguished Service Medal is ranked above the Department of Commerce Gold Medal and California is represented by Dianne Feinstein.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong, but he holds US nationality. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 and was a fighter pilot. He retired on September 1st 1969 and was a crew member on Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin was the back up pilot of the Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. The crew included Frank Borman and William Anders who was born in British Hong Kong. Anders retired on September 1st 1969.
AFIT, M.S. 1962 is the alma mater of William Anders, who is retired. Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8, which was operated by NASA and had Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as a backup pilot.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, is a contributing property in the United States. It was established in 2000 and is located on Seminary Ridge.
Adams County, Pennsylvania, is located north of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, and south-east of Carroll County, Maryland. It is also bordered by Frederick County, Maryland, to the southwest, and Franklin County, Pennsylvania, to the west. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County and is considered a contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, made from red granite and white marble and designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner, is found in Azerbaijan's capital Baku. The monument is dedicated to the Ottoman soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, and Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Baku, Azerbaijan was created by designers Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and dedicated to Ottoman soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is made from red granite and white marble and is located in Azerbaijan, which is led by Artur Rasizade.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It is in the historic district of the United States and was established on 11 July 1907.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 100 staff members. The Dean is called Mario Botta.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The campus is located on Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road in Hessarghatta Main Road, Soldevanahalli. There are 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, founded in 2000, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is located in Bangalore, India, and its campus can be found in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road. The institute is led by President B.M Reddy.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association. The headquarters of the European University Association are located in Brussels. Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen, who has a monarchic title. The majority of Danes practice the religion of the Church of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated to the European University Association. The Dean of the school is Thomas Pallesen. The headquarters of the European University Association are in Brussels. Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India, which is led by Kochi and is home to the largest city, Mumbai. The Ganges is one of the rivers in India, which was established in 2001.
The anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române. Its capital is Bucharest and is lead by Klaus Iohannis. The ethnic groups in Romania are Germans of Romania and it has a university called 1 Decembrie 1918 University. Its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It has more than 16000 students and 737 members of staff. Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
Alan Bean was born on 15th March 1932, in Wheeler, Texas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, graduating in 1955 with a B.S. After retiring as a test pilot, he worked as a crew member on the Apollo 12 mission.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC and graduated in 1957. He served as a test pilot and died in California. In 1959, he was selected by NASA.
Alan Bean, a test pilot from Wheeler, Texas, was a crew member of the Apollo 12 mission which was operated by NASA and commanded by David Scott. The backup pilot for the mission was Alfred Worden.
Buzz Aldrin, born on 1930-01-20 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He served as a fighter pilot and was chosen by NASA in the same year. He was part of the crew for Apollo 11. Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. is an alternative name for him.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and graduated in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space.
Buzz Aldrin, born on the 20th of January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he received a Sc.D. in 1963. He is a retired national of the United States who was a crew member on Apollo 11. He has received 20 awards.
Buzz Aldrin, born on January 20th, 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a retired American national who was part of the crew of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He was selected by NASA in 1963.
Buzz Aldrin, born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a retired American pilot who graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He was a crew member of the Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA.
William Anders, born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933, was a fighter pilot for the United States who later retired on September 1st 1969. He was a crew member aboard Apollo 8 and his nationality is American.
William Anders, born in British Hong Kong, was a crew member of Apollo 8, which was operated by NASA and had Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot. He retired on September 1st 1969 and is a US national.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 1933-10-17. He was a fighter pilot and had a total time in space of 8820 minutes. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He retired on 1969-09-01.
The Ataturk monument, made from bronze, was inaugurated on the 27th of July 1932 and is located in Turkey's largest city, Istanbul. The Turkish lira is the currency and the capital is Ankara. The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Ataturk monument, made from bronze and designed by Pietro Canonica was unveiled on the 27th of July 1932. It is located in the capital of Turkey, Ankara, which is led by the president Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Atatürk monument in Izmir, Turkey, was unveiled on the  27th of July 1932. The Turkish lira is the currency in Turkey whose capital is Ankara. The largest city is Istanbul and the leader named Ahmet Davutoglu is the president of Turkey.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996, and is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. The institution has 600 students and 100 staff members. The dean is called Mario Botta and the number of the federal chancellor of the country is not known.
The private, not-for-profit Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka was established in 2000. It is led by President B.M. Reddy and Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar is its director. The institute's motto is "Nurturing Excellence" and it is located in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka offers tennis as one of its sports and was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is located to the northeast of Karnataka, which borders the Arabian Sea.
The national anthem of Romania is "Deșteaptă-te, române!". The ethnic groups in Romania include Germans of Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest, and the leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis, who is the Prime Minister. 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, which is a city in Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, is affiliated with the European University Association. It is led by Dean Thomas Pallesen and has 737 members of staff. It is located in Aarhus, Denmark, whose leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. It is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark, where Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader. The government type in Denmark is a monarchy.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students. It is affiliated with the European University Association and is headed by Dean Thomas Pallesen. Its full name is Universitas Aarhusiensis.
