Abilene, Texas is served by Abilene Regional Airport, which is located in the United States.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes, and Alcobendas.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Spain has a runway named "18L36R".
The Afonso Pena International Airport has the ICAO location identifier "SBCT".
Afonso_Pena_International_Airport cityServed Curitiba
Al-Taqaddum_Air_Base cityServed Fallujah
The length of the runway at Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684 meters.
Alderney Airport has a runway named "1432".
The Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3360.12 meters.
Amsterdam_Airport_Schiphol firstRunwayNumber 18
The fifth runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is surfaced with asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway named "0624_Kaagbaan".
Andrews_County_Airport elevationAboveTheSeaLevel_(in_metres) 973.0
Andrews_County_Airport owner Andrews_County,_Texas
Andrews_County_Airport runwayLength 896 meters
The first runway at Angola International Airport is surfaced with asphalt.
Antwerp_International_Airport elevationAboveTheSeaLevel_ (in_metres) 12.0
The Flemish Government operates Antwerp International Airport.
Appleton_International_Airport runwayLength 2439.0 meters
Ardmore_Airport_(New_Zealand) runwayLength 518 meters
Ashgabat International Airport has the ICAO location identifier "UTAA".
The international airport in Ashgabat has a runway named "1129".
Atlantic_City_International_Airport owner South_Jersey_Transportation_Authority
Atlantic City International Airport has a runway named "1331".
In Belgium, the language spoken is Dutch.
Curitiba is a city located in the South Region of Brazil.
Denmark is a country and its people are referred to as Danes.
Fallujah is a city in Iraq.
Greenville is a town located in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is a part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Iraq is a country where the primary language spoken is Arabic.
Madrid is the capital city of Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, located in Alpena County, Michigan, is a part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the region of New Jersey.
Texas' largest city is Houston.
The United States Air Force engaged in a battle during the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
The United States Air Force uses the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as one of its transport aircraft.
Alan Bean is a national of the United States.
Astronaut Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot for the Apollo 8 mission.
Buzz Aldrin, an astronaut, earned his Sc.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963.
Buzz_Aldrin was_a_crew_member_of Apollo_11
In 1963, Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA.
California is a state in the United States known for its gemstone, Benitoite.
Elliot_See deathDate "1966-02-28"
Elliot_See passedAway at St. Louis
Elliot_See status "Deceased"
11_Diagonal_Street location South_Africa
The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is postmodern architecture.
300_North_LaSalle location Chicago, Illinois
The 320 South Boston Building is designed by American architect George Winkler.
The 320 South Boston Building started construction in 1910.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen has a total of 814 rooms.
Adare_Manor architect "James_Pain_and_George_Richard_Pain"
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William & Mary.
The address for Amdavad ni Gufa is "Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opposite Gujarat University, University Road."
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House holds the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asilomar_Conference_Grounds architect Julia_Morgan
The Asilomar Conference Grounds exhibit the architectural styles of the Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman bungalows.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York is a part of Erie County, New York.
Buffalo,_New_York population 258_000
County Limerick is a part of the Munster region.
Dublin is the capital city of Ireland, and its leader is Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
Ethiopia leader Mulatu Teshome is from the Oromo ethnic group.
The people of India are referred to as Indian_people.
Julia_Morgan nationality American
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is a part of New York.
New York City is a part of New Netherland, which is a historical Dutch colonial province in North America.
Pacific Grove, California is a part of the US state of California.
South_Africa capital Pretoria
The United Kingdom is a country with Queen Elizabeth II as its leader.
Albany, Georgia has an area code of 229.
Albany, Oregon is a part of the United States.
Albuquerque,_New_Mexico population 564_000
In New Mexico, Albuquerque is the city with the New Mexico House of Representatives serving as its local legislative body.
Albuquerque,_New_Mexico leaderTitle New_Mexico_Senator
The city of Amarillo, Texas covers an area of approximately 233.9 square kilometers.
The city of Amarillo, Texas is a part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Richland Township and is located in Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana has an elevation above sea level of 324.0 meters.
Antioch, California has an area code of 925.
Antioch, California is a part of Contra Costa County, California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometer.
Atlanta is a city in the United States, with Kasim Reed serving as its leader.
Atlantic City, New Jersey covers an area of approximately 44.125 square kilometers.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is a part of the state of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana has an elevation above sea level of 166.0 meters.
Auburn, Alabama is a part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington covers an area of approximately 77.41 square kilometers.
Austin, Texas is a city that is part of the larger state of Texas in the United States.
California is a state in the United States with the Spanish language spoken there.
DeKalb_County,_Georgia country United_States
Fulton County is located in the United States.
The county seat of Madison County, Indiana is Anderson.
Michigan is a part of the United States.
Michigan's largest city is Detroit.
Orange County, California is a region in the United States.
Oregon's largest city is Portland.
Tarrant County, Texas is made up of several cities, with Fort Worth being its largest one.
The United States is a country with Barack Obama as its leader.
The United States House of Representatives is located at the United States Capitol.
April_ONeil creator Kevin_Eastman
The fictional character Bananaman is broadcasted by the BBC.
Benjamin_Urich fullName "Benjamin_Urich"
Bibbo_Bibbowski creator Jerry_Ordway is_a Comic_book_artist
The full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is "Bo Bibbowski".
Bill_Oddie birthPlace Lancashire
The Black Pirate is also known by the alternative name "Jon Valor".
John_Buscema award Eisner_Award
Karl_Kesel nationality Americans
Marv Wolfman has been awarded the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is a national of the United States.
Scott_Adsit birthPlace Northbrook, Illinois, United_States
Amatriciana_sauce origin Italy
Arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper as an ingredient.
Arròs negre is a dish made with white rice as an ingredient.
Arròs negre is a dish that originates from the Catalonia region.
Arròs negre is a dish that originates from the Valencian Community region.
The dish Ayam penyet originates from the region of Singapore.
The BLT sandwich consists of tomato as one of its ingredients.
Baked_Alaska dessert
Bakewell pudding can be served either warm or cold.
Bandeja_paisa dish_type Traditional_Colombian_dish
The Bandeja Paisa dish contains chicharrón as an ingredient.
The Bandeja Paisa dish is a traditional dish from the Paisa Region.
One serving of Barny Cakes weighs 30.0 grams.
The Batagor dish is a variation of the Chinese dim sum dish called Shumai.
The dish called Batagor consists of main ingredients such as fried fish dumplings, tofu, vegetables, and peanut sauce.
Batchoy dish Philippines
Beef kway teow is a dish from the region of Indonesia.
Bhajji alternativeName "Bhaji, bajji"
Binignit dish Filipino_cuisine
Bionico is a dish variation of Cottage_cheese

Chicken is a type of bird.
The currency used in India is the Indian rupee.
India leaderName Sumitra_Mahajan
Indonesia is a country where the official language is Indonesian.
The Mexican state of Jalisco is led by Aristoteles Sandoval.
Java is an ethnic group referred to as the Banyumasan people.
Malaysia capital Kuala_Lumpur
Mexico leaderName Silvano_Aureoles_Conejo
New York is a place where the Spanish language is spoken.
Shumai food type Chinese_food
Siomay is a dish that includes peanut sauce as one of its ingredients.
Sumatra is a large island in Indonesia, home to the ethnic group of Malays.
The United Kingdom is a country with David Cameron as its leader.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in the year 2000.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located to the southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
In Azerbaijan, the leader holds the title of Prime Minister.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, also known as "Türk Şehitleri Anıtı," is a memorial located in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Rolando_Maran managerOf A.C._Chievo_Verona
A.D. Isidro Metapán is a football club that participates in the Salvadoran Primera División league.
Association_Football_Club_Blackpool fullname A.F.C._Blackpool
A.F.C. Blackpool plays its home matches at "The Mechanics" ground.
A.F.C._Blackpool location Blackpool
The football team A.S. Gubbio played on the ground in Gubbio.
A.S._Gubbio_1910 membershipSize 5300
AEK Athens F.C. plays its home games in Athens.
In the 2014–15 football league season in Greece, AEK Athens FC participated.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
The football club AZAL participates in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
In the 2014–15 Eredivisie season, AZ Alkmaar participated in the Dutch football league.
Akron is a city located in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
Akron_Metro_Futbol_Club_Summit_Assault, also known as Summit Assault, is a football (soccer) club based in Akron.
Amsterdam is a city in the Netherlands, with Eberhard van der Laan serving as its leader.
Christian Panucci is a football player who has played for Chelsea F.C.
Christian Panucci is a football player who has played for Inter Milan.
Frank_de_Boer associationfootballPlayer
Gubbio region Umbria Italy
In Italy, Sergio Mattarella serves as the current leader.
Jens Härtel is a football player who plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is a soccer player who plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano_Spalletti team Udinese_Calcio
Massimo Drago is a football player who currently plays for Italian football club A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini is a football player who plays for Atalanta B.C.
Michele Marcolini is a football player for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger is the coach of 1. FC Köln.
Rolando Maran is a football player who has played for F.C. Bari 1908.
Sportpark_De_Toekomst sportFacility
St._Vincent–St._Mary_High_School country United_States
1_Decembrie_1918_University state Romania
The Acharya Institute of Technology is presided over by B.M. Reddy.
The Indian state of Kerala borders Mahé, India, to its northwest.
Mendrisio country Switzerland
The capital city of Romania is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark is led by Dean Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University has approximately 16,000 students.
The book "1634: The Ram Rebellion" has an ISBN number of "1-4165-2060-0".
1632:_A_Novel_of_Alternate_History author Eric_Flint
The Ram Rebellion, which took place in 1634, is documented in print media.
The scientific journal "AIDS" is published in the United Kingdom.
The work "A Glastonbury Romance" has an OCLC number of 76798317.
A_Glastonbury_Romance format Hardcover
A_Long_Long_Way language English_language
The science fiction novel "A Wizard of Mars" was written by Diane Duane.
The academic journal "Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg" has an ISSN number of "0025-5858".
Above the Veil is a book authored by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil is a print media type.
The scientific journal Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has an ISSN number of "0567-7920".
The journal "Addiction" has a Library of Congress Control Number (LCCN) of 93645978.
The academic discipline associated with the journal "Addiction" is addiction.
Aenir speaks the English language.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a novel set in the United States.
The novel "Alcatraz vs. the Evil Librarians" is written in the English language.
The American Journal of Mathematics is an academic discipline focusing on mathematics.
The novel "Castle" is written in the English language.
Eric_Flint birthPlace Burbank, California
Farrar, Straus and Giroux is a publishing company that is a part of Macmillan Publishers.
John_Cowper_Powys notableWork A_Glastonbury_Romance
Soho Press is a publishing company based in the United States.
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber.
The United States is a country with Asian Americans as one of its ethnic groups.
The United States is a country with the capital Washington and its official language is English.
Weymouth_Sands precededBy A_Glastonbury_Romance
Aarhus_Airport operatingOrganisation "Aarhus_Lufthavn_AS"
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes, and Alcobendas.
Adolfo_Suárez_Madrid–Barajas_Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos_de_Jarama, San_Sebastián_de_los_Reyes, and Alcobendas. Its runway length is 3500 meters.
Uttar Pradesh is a region that is part of Awadh. Agra Airport is located within Uttar Pradesh.
The Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq, and has a runway length of 3090 meters.
The Middle Eastern country of Iraq speaks the Arabic language. Al Asad Airbase is located within this country.
The Al Asad Airbase operates under the United States Air Force, which played a significant role in the Invasion of Grenada.
The first runway at Alderney Airport is surfaced with Poaceae, a type of monocotyledonous plant.
The runway length at Alderney Airport is 877 meters.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan. Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 meters.
Amsterdam_Airport_Schiphol 1st_runway_LengthMetre 3800
Amsterdam_Airport_Schiphol 1st_runway length '4,800_meters'
Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which has a runway length of 2014 meters.
Amsterdam is the city served by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which has a runway length of 3,300 meters.
The largest city in Texas is Houston. Andrews County Airport is located in this state.
Angola_International_Airport cityServed Luanda
Ardmore_Airport_(New_Zealand) runwayLength 597 meters
The first runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 12,467 feet long.
Turkmenistan_Airlines headquarter Turkmenistan
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, is a part of the United States. Atlantic City International Airport is located there.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and it has a runway named "422".
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway length of 3048 meters.
Afonso_Pena_International_Airport operatingOrganisation Infraero
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932, and he is now retired.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who is now deceased.
Buzz Aldrin, born on January 20, 1930, hails from Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Buzz Aldrin, an astronaut, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, which is a part of Essex County.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders attended the Air Force Institute of Technology and received his M.S. degree there in 1962. He is now retired.
The building at 108 St. George's Terrace was completed in 1988 and contains 50 floors.
The 200 Public Square has a floor count of 45 and is located in the United States.
The building at 20 Fenchurch Street in London covers a floor area of approximately 62,145.3 square meters and has a total of 34 floors.
The building 300 North LaSalle in Chicago has a total of 60 floors.
George Winkler is a renowned American architect who designed the 320 South Boston Building in the United States.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK_SVE.
3Arena architecture designed_by Populous_(company)
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is operated by Marriott International.
Adare_Manor architect George_Richard_Pain
Adare_Manor location Adare, County Limerick, Ireland
The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival architecture. It is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall follows the Tudor Revival architectural style.
Akita_Museum_of_Art country Japan TRIPLE Japan population 126_million
The Akita Museum of Art is located at the address "1-4-2 Nakadori" and has a total of 3 floors.
The address for Amdavad_ni_Gufa is "Lalbhai_Dalpatbhai_Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road," and it is located in the state of Gujarat.
The leader of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando. Eastern Province is home to Ampara Hospital.
New York City is located in the United States. One of its notable attractions is the Asser Levy Public Baths.
The borough of Brooklyn is part of New York City. The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
County Limerick is a part of the Munster region. Adare Manor is located in County Limerick.
Dublin is a part of the Republic of Ireland, and 3Arena is located in Dublin.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States, where the ethnic group of African Americans resides.
The capital city of Oregon is Salem, and Albany is a part of the state of Oregon.
Albuquerque is a city located in the United States, specifically in the state of New Mexico. The United States House of Representatives is the lower house of the United States Congress.
Amarillo,_Texas country United_States
Anaheim, California is a part of the larger state of California in the United States. The United States House of Representatives is the legislative body responsible for representing the interests of the American people in the federal government.
Orange County, California is a part of the United States, specifically in the country. The city of Anaheim is located within Orange County.
Adams Township, located in Madison County, Indiana, is a part of the United States. Anderson is a city that is a part of Adams Township.
Antioch, California covers an area of approximately 75.324 square kilometers and is located at an elevation of 13 meters above sea level.
Arlington, Texas covers an area of approximately 258.2 square kilometers and is located at an elevation of 184 meters above sea level.
Texas is a state in the United States, and Arlington is a city that is part of Texas.
Atlanta country United_States TRIPLE Atlanta isPartOf "Georgia"
Atlantic City, New Jersey, which is part of Atlantic County in the United States, is a popular tourist destination in the country.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States, while Atlantic City is a resort city located in New Jersey, which is also a part of the United States.
Atlantic County, located in the United States, is home to Atlantic City.
Atlantic City, New Jersey covers an area of 44.125 square kilometers and has a population density of 1,421.2 inhabitants per square kilometer.
Pierce County, a part of the United States, is home to Auburn, Washington.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States, while Albany, Oregon is a part of the country.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States, while Amarillo is a city located in the state of Texas, which is also part of the United States.
Albuquerque is a city located in the United States. The United States has its capital in Washington, and African Americans are an ethnic group in the country.
The United States is a country with Native Americans as one of its ethnic groups. Albany, Georgia is a part of the United States.
Auburn,Alabama country United_States
Akron is a city located in the United States, where the official language is English.
Albuquerque is a city located in the United States, which is currently led by the President of the United States.
April_ONeil creator Peter_Laird
The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) has broadcasted Bananaman.
The British children's cartoon series "Bananaman" was broadcasted by STV. The lead character in the show is named Graeme Garden.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire. He is known for his role in the cartoon series "Bananaman."
Baymax firstAppearanceInFilm Big_Hero_6_(film)
Baymax firstAppearanceInFilm Big_Hero_6_(film)
Steven T. Seagle is the creator of Baymax, a character from the Big Hero 6 film series.
Ben_Urich creator Roger_McKenzie_(comic_book_writer)
There seems to be a mistake in the provided triple. The creator of Bibbo Bibbowski is actually Marv Wolfman, not Jerry Ordway. Therefore, the correct output would be:
Bibbo_Bibbowski creator Marv_Wolfman
Amatriciana_sauce country Italy TRIPLE Amatriciana_sauce mainIngredient Pancetta
Arem-arem is a place located in Indonesia. The current leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla.
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional Italian dish originating from the country Italy, where the predominant language is Italian.
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional Italian dish. Italy is a country in Europe with Sergio Mattarella serving as its current leader.
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional Italian dish originating from the country Italy. Its primary ingredient is chili pepper.
Arròs negre is a traditional Spanish rice dish that originates from the Valencian Community.
The Indonesian country, Asam Pedas, is known for its dish made of fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Ayam penyet is a dish that originates from Indonesia but is also popular in the region of Malaysia.
The BLT sandwich is a variation of the classic club sandwich.
Sausage is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion. The main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion are bacon.
The bacon sandwich goes by several alternative names such as "bacon butty," "bacon sarnie," "rasher sandwich," "bacon sanger," "piece n bacon," "bacon cob," "bacon barm," and "bacon muffin." It is typically made with bacon as its main ingredient.
The BLT is a variation of the bacon sandwich, made with bread as one of its main ingredients.
Baked Alaska is a dessert originating from France, and one of its main ingredients is sponge cake.
Baked_Alaska dessert
Baked Alaska is a dessert originating from the United States. It is made with meringue as one of its main ingredients.
The Bakewell pudding has a variation called Bakewell tart. This dessert contains fruit preserves as one of its ingredients.
Bakso is a food from Indonesia
Bakso ingredient Tofu
The Colombian cuisine includes a dish called Bandeja Paisa, which is a country-style meal. One of its ingredients is Chicharrón.
Barny_Cakes country France
The country of Indonesia is home to Batagor, a dish made with peanut sauce.
The Indonesian dish Batagor is a variation of Siomay. It is typically served with a peanut sauce.
The dish Beef kway teow is a popular food item in Singapore. It is made with palm sugar as one of its ingredients.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore. The current leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob.
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in both Singapore and Indonesia. Its main ingredients include rice noodles (kway teow), beef tender loin, gula Melaka (palm sugar), sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas (galangal), oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli, and sesame oil.
Bhajji is a person from India, where the native people are called Indian_people.
Bhajji is a person from India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi (T.S. Thakur is a cricket player named Yuvraj Singh).
Binignit country Philippines
The country of Binignit is the Philippines, and its main ingredient is banana.
Binignit is a dish made with bananas as one of its ingredients. However, its main ingredients also include sweet potato.
Bionico is a company or entity located in Mexico. The current leader of Mexico is Enrique Peña Nieto.
The ingredient used in Bionico is granola. Bionico is produced in the region of Guadalajara.
Cake is a type of dessert dish variation.
Bakso is a food item from Indonesia. Indonesia is a country with Joko Widodo serving as its leader.
Batagor is a dish variation that is similar to Shumai. Shumai is made with shiitake as one of its ingredients.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorized as a contributing property and was established in the year 2000.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located at Monocacy National Battlefield. Monocacy National Battlefield is a historic site near the city of Frederick, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who were killed in the Battle of Baku. It is also known as the "Türk Şehitleri Anıtı" in its native name.
The football club 1. FC Magdeburg has 27,250 members and competed in the Regionalliga during the 2014-15 season.
The football club A.C. Chievo Verona plays its home games in Verona, Italy. They have a total membership of 39,371 individuals.
A.C._Chievo_Verona manager Rolando_Maran
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages A.D. Isidro Metapán, while he is also associated with FC Dallas as a club.
The A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis football club has 1500 members and participated in the 2014-15 season of the EPSTH league in Greece.
Stuart_Parker_(footballer) role manager
Stuart_Parker_(footballer) is_manager A.F.C._Blackpool
A.F.C. Fylde has a membership of 3180 and is based in Lancashire.
The town of Gubbio in Italy is home to A.S. Gubbio 1910, a football club with a membership of approximately 5,300 people.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is a football club that participates in Italy's Serie B league.
Christian Panucci manages A.S. Livorno Calcio, but he previously managed A.S. Roma.
Paulo Sousa previously managed ACF Fiorentina, but currently he manages Juventus F.C.
ACF Fiorentina, also known as ACF Fiorentina S.p.A., is an Italian football club with approximately 47,290 members.
AEK Athens FC plays its home games in Greece. The football club has a total of 69,618 members.
AEK Athens FC is a football club that participates in Greece's Superleague. Their home ground is Olympic Stadium in Athens.
Sportpark_De_Toekomst sportFacility
The AZAL_PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan. It is also known as AZAL Arena.
The Akron Summit Assault has approximately 3000 members and participated in the 2011 PDL season.
The year 1910 marks the groundbreaking event for A.S. Gubbio in the Italian region of Umbria.
The soccer team A.S. Gubbio, which was founded in 1910, is based in Italy. The current leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso.
SNT
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the state of Alba in Romania. It is commonly referred to as UAB.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, which is located in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, which is led by Kochi.
The novel "1634: The Bavarian Crisis" was authored by Eric Flint. It is preceded by "The Grantville Gazettes" in the series.
The book "1634: The Ram Rebellion" was authored by Virginia DeMarce and is available in e-book format.
The scientific journal "AIP Advances" has an Electronic Identifiers Enduring Source (EISSN) number of 2158 and is commonly abbreviated as "AIP_Adv." in academic literature.
The novel "A Fortress of Grey Ice" was written by J.V. Jones and published in print format.
The book "A Fortress of Grey Ice" contains 672 pages.
A_Glastonbury_Romance author John_Cowper_Powys
The book "A Long Long Way" with the OCLC number 57392246 is a print & paperback publication.
The book "A Long Long Way" has 292 pages.
Viking_Press is_imprint_of Penguin_Random_House
The author of the book "A Loyal Character Dancer" is Qiu Xiaolong. This work is published in print media type.
I'm sorry, but there seems to be an error in the provided input. Could you please check and provide complete triples for me to generate the correct textual output? Thank you.
The book "A Severed Wasp" with the OCLC number 8805735 is a hardcover publication.
The short story "A Severed Wasp" is written in the English language, which is predominantly spoken in Great Britain.
The book "A Severed Wasp" has an ISBN number of "0-374-26131-8" and is a print media type.
Springer_Science+Business_Media foundedBy Julius_Springer
The literary genre of "Alcatraz vs. the Evil Librarians" is fantasy literature.
There seems to be an error in your input. Please provide valid triples for me to generate text based on. For example:
The author of "Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians" is Brandon Sanderson. This book is followed by "Alcatraz Versus the Scriveners' Bones".
The academic discipline of the American Journal of Mathematics is mathematics, and it is commonly abbreviated as "Am. J. Math."
The American Journal of Mathematics is published by Johns Hopkins University Press, which is a part of Johns Hopkins University.
The Ram Rebellion took place in the United States.
The capital city of the United States is Washington, D.C. This country is also home to A Fortress of Grey Ice.
A_Fortress_of_Grey_Ice is a site located in the United States. The United States is a country with African Americans as one of its ethnic groups.
A_Wizard_of_Mars is_a Novel
A_Wizard_of_Mars is_a novel
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus_Lufthavn_AS and has a runway length of 2776 meters with the runway name 10R28L.
Lake Placid, New York is served by Adirondack Regional Airport, which has a runway length of 2003 meters.
Paracuellos de Jarama is a town in Spain and is part of the Community of Madrid. Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Air Force.
The Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. Its runway length is 3992.88 meters.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The United States Air Force has been involved in various battles, one of which was the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
The Al Asad Airbase operates under the United States Air Force, which played a significant role in the Invasion of Grenada.
Alderney is a city served by Alderney Airport, which has a runway length of 877 meters and a surface type of Poaceae (grass).
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and is located in Pakistan.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. Its runway length is 2900 meters and its name is "18L36R".
Maple Ridge Township, located in Alpena County, Michigan, is a part of the United States.
The Andrews County Airport is located in Texas with a runway length of 1773 meters.
The Andrews County Airport is located in Texas with a runway length of 896 meters.
The capital city of Texas is Austin, and the language spoken in Texas is English. Andrews County Airport is located within the state of Texas.
Texas is a country within the United States, and its people are referred to as Tejanos. Andrews County Airport is located in this region.
Antwerp International Airport is located in Belgium, a country where the official language is German. The city served by this airport is Antwerp.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is a part of Atlantic County in the United States. Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center. Atlantic City International Airport is operated by this organization and serves the region of New Jersey.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, is a part of the United States. Atlantic City International Airport, located in this township, has a runway length of 3048 meters.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore, which is located in Pakistan. The current leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Madrid is the capital city of the Community of Madrid, Spain. The local political party in Madrid is Ahora Madrid. Madrid is also home to Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
Madrid is the capital city of Spain, where the ruling political party is Ahora Madrid. Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is a city in Spain where the People's Party (Spain) holds political power. Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in this city.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, and holds American nationality. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin is a United States astronaut born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. The United States is currently led by President Joe Biden.
Buzz Aldrin, a United States national, was selected by NASA in 1963 and holds a Sc.D. degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), class of 1963.
Elliot See is a national of the United States. He was born in Dallas and received his education from the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin for his education. He was born in St. Louis and was selected by NASA in 1962.
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin for his education. He later passed away in St. Louis, which is currently led by Mayor Francis G. Slay.
Elliot See passed away on February 28, 1966, in St. Louis. St. Louis is a part of the Kingdom of France.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and spent a total of 13,017 minutes in space.
The building at 103 Colmore Row was designed by British architect John Madin. John Madin was born in Birmingham. The building itself is located on Colmore Row.
Cleveland is a part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The 200 Public Square is a significant location in Cleveland, and the city is currently led by Mayor Frank G. Jackson.
The building located at 250 Delaware Avenue in the United States covers a floor area of 30,843.8 square meters and has a total of 12 floors.
Chicago is a city that is part of DuPage County, Illinois. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel, and 300 North LaSalle is a well-known location in the city.
The 320 South Boston Building, designed by American architect George Winkler, contains 22 floors.
3Arena is designed by "HOK_SVE"
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark is owned by Marriott International and has a total of 23 floors.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen was designed by the architectural firm 3XN. It is operated by Marriott International and has a total of 23 floors.
Adare Manor is an architectural work by Augustus Pugin. Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and is also known for designing the Palace of Westminster.
Adare_Manor architect Philip_Charles_Hardwick designed the manor in the mid-19th century, with construction completed in 1862. The current owner of Adare Manor is J.P. McManus.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacobean. It is located in Haputale and was completed in 1931.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacobean. It is located in Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The capital city of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, and Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka. The currency used in Sri Lanka is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Alan B. Miller Hall is a building at the Mason School of Business in the United States, which started construction on March 30, 2007. The current tenants of the building are the Mason School of Business.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were designed by the architect Julia Morgan. Morgan was born in San Francisco, and she is also known for designing the Riverside Art Museum.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were designed by the architect Julia Morgan. Morgan was born in California and is also known for designing the significant building Chinatown in San Francisco.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, were added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27, 1987, with the reference number 87000823.
The Asser Levy Public Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980. They were constructed in 1904 and are located on Avenue A in Manhattan.
The Asser Levy Public Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980. They were constructed in 1904 and are located in New York City.
The building at 103 Colmore Row was designed by the British architect John Madin. John Madin hails from Birmingham, a city governed by the Conservative Party in the UK.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, a city led by the Liberal Democrats. He is also the architect of 103 Colmore Row.
Addis Ababa is the capital city of Ethiopia, which is currently led by Hailemariam Desalegn. The Addis Ababa City Hall is located within this city.
The Indian state of Gujarat is led by Anandiben Patel, and Amdavad_ni_Gufa is located in the city of Ahmedabad.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International, a lodging company headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland. The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is one of its tenants.
Albany, Georgia is a city located in the United States and is part of Dougherty County, Georgia. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico covers an area of 490.9 square kilometers and has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometer. The New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque.
Alpharetta, Georgia is a city located in the United States and is part of Fulton County, Georgia. The United States is a country with a significant population of African Americans as one of its ethnic groups.
Alpharetta, Georgia is a city located within the United States and is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States, while Alpharetta is a city located in the country of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Anaheim, California is located in the United States and has area codes 657 and 714. Its UTC offset is '-7'. The city covers an area totaling 131.6 square kilometers.
Anaheim, California is a part of the larger state of California. The California State Senate, which is the upper house of the California State Legislature, is located at the California State Capitol in the state of California. The leader of Anaheim, California holds the title of California State Senator.
Lafayette_Township,_Madison_County,_Indiana country United_States
Angola,_Indiana isPartOf Pleasant_Township
Antioch, California is a part of Contra Costa County, which in turn is a part of the San Francisco Bay Area. Antioch, California is currently represented in the United States House of Representatives.
Tarrant County, a part of the United States, is located in Texas and is home to Arlington and Fort Worth as its largest cities. The county seat of Tarrant County is Fort Worth.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States, which is also home to a significant population of Asian Americans. Atlanta is another city located in the United States.
The city of Atlanta in the United States has an area code of 404 and a population density of 1,299 inhabitants per square kilometer, with a total area of 347.1 square kilometers.
Atlantic City, located in the United States, is a part of the state of New Jersey. Newark is the largest city in New Jersey.
Atlantic County, located in the United States, includes Atlantic City. The United States has New York City as its largest city.
Alabama is a state in the United States, and Auburn, Alabama is a part of this state. Specifically, Auburn is a part of Lee County, Alabama.
Washington (state) is a part of the United States, with its capital being Washington, D.C. Auburn is a city located within the state of Washington.
Washington state, a part of the United States, has its capital in Olympia, Washington. Auburn is also a part of this state.
The capital city of Georgia in the United States is Atlanta. Albany, which is part of Georgia, is also part of Dougherty County.
Madison_County,_Indiana country United_States
New Jersey is a state in the United States, and Atlantic City is a part of this state.
Arlington, Texas is a part of the larger state of Texas, which has English as its language and Houston as its largest city.
Attica, Indiana is a part of Fountain County, which is located in the United States. The capital city of the United States is Washington, D.C.
Fountain County is a part of the United States, specifically located in Indiana. The county seat of Fountain County is Attica. The capital city of the United States is Washington, D.C.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States, which is also where the English language is predominantly spoken. Akron, Ohio is another city located in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is a city located within the United States and is part of Summit County, Ohio. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Benton County in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albuquerque,_New_Mexico country United_States
Albany, Georgia is located in the United States, where the predominant ethnic group is African Americans and the official language is English.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States, which has Asian Americans as one of its ethnic groups and English language as its official language.
Asterix is a popular comics character created by Albert Uderzo, while René Goscinny was a French nationality cartoonist who contributed significantly to the creation of the Asterix series.
The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) produced a cartoon series called Bananaman, featuring Tim Brooke-Taylor as the voice of the title character. Bananaman first aired on April 15, 1986.
The film "Big Hero 6" is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Baymax made his first appearance in this film, and Scott Adsit stars in it.
The film "Big Hero 6" is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and features the voice acting of Scott Adsit. The character Baymax is a part of the "Big Hero 6" series in the film.
The film "Big Hero 6" is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and features Ryan Potter as a star. It is also part of the "Big Hero 6" series.
Blockbuster_(comicsCharacter) creator Carmine_Infantino
Dan Mishkin is the creator of the comics character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky.
Bolt_(comicsCharacter) creator Ernie_Colón
The Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian dish originating from the Lazio region. Its main ingredient is guanciale.
The Indonesian dish Arem-arem uses banana leaves as an ingredient and is a part of Javanese cuisine. Its main ingredients include compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetable or minced meat fillings.
The tomato is a member of the Solanaceae family, which is a type of flowering plant. Tomatoes are commonly used as an ingredient in various dishes, such as Arrabbiata sauce.
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional Italian dish that hails from the Rome region. Its main ingredient is olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional Italian dish that hails from the Rome region. Its primary ingredient is tomato.
The Asam Pedas area is located in Malaysia and is part of the Malay Peninsula.
The town of Asam Pedas is located in Malaysia. The current leader of Malaysia is Arifin Zakaria.
The Indonesian dish Ayam penyet is also popular in the region of Malaysia. Malaysia is a country with a significant Malaysian Chinese ethnic group population.
The BLT sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich. Its main ingredients include lettuce.
The Bacon Explosion is a dish originating from the United States. The United States is a country with a significant population of White Americans, and its leader from 2009 to 2017 was Barack Obama.
United_States leaderName John_Roberts
The BLT sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich. It is made with bread as one of its ingredients.
Baked Alaska is a dessert originating from France, specifically in the region of New York. Its main ingredient is sponge cake.
Baked Alaska is a dessert that originated in France. France uses the Euro as its currency, and its current leader is Manuel Valls.
Baked Alaska is a dessert originating from the United States, specifically the New York region. One of its key ingredients is Christmas pudding.
Baked Alaska is a dessert made primarily of ice cream and cake. Specifically, it consists of sponge cake, ice cream, and meringue. Another dessert dish variation is cookies.
The Bakewell Pudding, a dessert originating from the Derbyshire Dales region, is made with ground almonds, jam, butter, and eggs as its main ingredients.
The Bakewell pudding is a dessert with variations including the Bakewell tart. Its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter, and eggs. The Bakewell pudding is a traditional dish from the Derbyshire Dales region.
Bakso is a food item from Indonesia, specifically from the region of Indonesia. It is made of beef.
The Bandeja Paisa is a traditional dish from the Colombian cuisine. It contains avocado as one of its ingredients and originates from the Paisa region.
The traditional Colombian dish called Bandeja Paisa is a part of Colombian cuisine. Its main ingredients include Hogao sauce. This dish is popular in the Paisa region.
Barny_Cakes country France TRIPLE France leaderName Claude_Bartolone
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines made primarily of noodles.
Batchoy is a dish originating from the Philippines. Its main ingredients include noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
The dish Beef Kway Teow is a popular food item in Singapore, which is a country led by Tony Tan. This dish is available nationwide in both Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish that originates from Indonesia but is also popular in the region of Singapore. It is prepared with sesame oil as one of its ingredients.
The dish Beef kway teow is popular in both Singapore and Indonesia. In Singapore, it is a regional specialty, and one of its key ingredients is oyster sauce.
Bhajji is a person from India. India is a country with Sumitra Mahajan as its leader and the Indian rupee as its currency.
Cookies are a type of dessert dish variation. Binignit, another dessert, contains bananas as an ingredient.
Cookies are a type of dessert dish variation. Binignit, another dessert, is made with sago as an ingredient.
Cookies are a type of dessert dish variation. Binignit, another dessert dish, contains taro as an ingredient.
The Filipino dessert Binignit contains banana as one of its ingredients. Its main ingredients also include sweet potato, which belongs to the Solanaceae family.
The country producing the food product Bionico is Mexico. It is classified as a dessert and contains granola as an ingredient.
Bionico is a product from Mexico, specifically from the region of Guadalajara. It contains raisins as an ingredient.
Bionico is a company located in Mexico, which uses the Mexican peso as its currency. The current leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Italy's capital city is Rome, and it is also the birthplace of the famous Amatriciana sauce. The current leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso.
Batchoy is a dish that originates from the Philippines, where the predominant ethnic group is the Igorote people. The Philippines is a country and its official language is Arabic.
Beef kway teow is a dish originating from Singapore, which is a country with the English language as its official language. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan.
The tomato is a member of the Solanaceae family and the Solanales order. Tomatoes are commonly used as an ingredient in various dishes, such as the Italian Amatriciana sauce.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located to the southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
The capital city of Azerbaijan is Baku, and the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, also known as "Türk Şehitleri Anıtı," is located within this country.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan. The National Assembly is the legislative body of Azerbaijan. The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
Ankara is the capital city of Turkey, with Ahmet Davutoğlu serving as the country's leader. The Atatürk Monument is located within Turkey.
Jens Härtel is the manager of 1. FC Magdeburg. He previously managed SV Germania Schöneiche and currently manages 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena, while he is also the manager of A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA, commonly known as A.C. Lumezzane, is a football club based in Lumezzane, Italy. It is a member of Lega ProA, the third tier of the Italian football league system. The club has approximately 4,150 members.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez manages A.D. Isidro Metapán. He also manages El Salvador's national football team and previously managed Alianza F.C.
The chairman of A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is Antonis Milionis, and the organization has 1500 members. Their ground is located in Efxeinoupoli.
Association Football Club Blackpool, commonly known as A.F.C. Blackpool, is a football club based in Blackpool, England. They have approximately 1500 members and play their home games at the Blackpool ground.
Stuart_Parker_(footballer) currentTeam A.F.C._Blackpool
Dave_Challinor manages A.F.C. Fylde
Livorno Calcio, also known as A.S. Livorno Calcio S.p.A., is an Italian football club based in Livorno, Italy. They have approximately 19,238 members. Their home ground is located in the city of Livorno.
Christian Panucci manages A.S. Livorno Calcio, which is a team in the Serie B league. The champions of this league during a certain period were Carpi F.C. 1909.
Christian Panucci is the manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio. He previously managed Chelsea F.C. and Real Madrid C.F. in his career.
AEK Athens FC is a football club that competes in the Superleague Greece. The current champions of the Superleague Greece are Olympiacos FC. AEK Athens FC's ground is located in Greece.
Gus_Poyet manager AEK_Athens_F.C. TRIPLE Gus_Poyet manager Real_Zaragoza
The amateur team AFC Ajax plays its home games at Amsterdam, specifically in the Amsterdam-Centrum area. Amsterdam is the capital city of the Netherlands, led by Eberhard van der Laan.
The amateur team AFC Ajax plays its home games at the ground in Amsterdam, which is a part of the district Amsterdam-Noord. The current mayor of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
John_van_den_Brom manages AZ Alkmaar. He previously managed Jong Ajax and currently manages İstanbulspor A.Ş.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is a football league in Brazil. One of the teams participating in this league is Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. Their home ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
SNT
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena, while he is also the manager of A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena football club, while he is also affiliated with A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena, while he is also the manager of S.S. Chieti Calcio.
The AWH Engineering College in India has a staff size of 250 members and is located in the state of Kerala.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and is located in Bangalore. It has approximately 700 postgraduate students.
Kochi is the leader of Kerala, a region in India. Mahé, India is located to the northwest of Kerala.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, a country with a significant population of Germans of Romania. The national anthem of Romania is "Deșteaptă-te, române!"
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, a country with a significant population of Germans of Romania. The current leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. It was established in 1928. The European University Association is headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. It was established in 1928.
The book "1634: The Bavarian Crisis" was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It is a print media type and contains 448 pages.
The novel "1634: The Ram Rebellion" is written in the English language. It is a sequel to "1634: The Galileo Affair." The English language is spoken in Great Britain.
The Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) is led by Alexander L. Wolf. Its transactions on Information Systems are published by the same organization. The ACM headquarters is located in New York City.
The academic discipline of HIV research is published in the scientific journal AIDS. The ISSN number for this journal is "0269-9370".
The academic discipline associated with the journal "AIDS" is HIV research. The ISSN number for this journal is "1473-5571".
A.T. Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances. He holds an alma mater degree from Stanford University and resides in the United States.
A_Fortress_of_Grey_Ice author J.V. Jones
The author of the book "A Loyal Character Dancer" is Qiu Xiaolong.
The book "A Loyal Character Dancer" is published by Soho Press, which is a publishing company based in the United States. The language of the book is English.
The A Severed Wasp is a work of art from the United States, written in the English language. English is also spoken in Great Britain.
The book "A Severed Wasp" with the OCLC number 8805735 is a hardcover publication with 388 pages.
The journal "Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg" has an ISSN number of "1865-8784", an LCCN number of "32024459", and is commonly abbreviated as "Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg."
The country of Australians, Australia, has the English language (Aenir) and is followed by Above the Veil.
The novel "Aenir" is written by Garth Nix, and it is followed by another novel titled "Above the Veil." The language used in "Above the Veil" is English.
The book "Above the Veil" by Garth Nix is a hardcover publication with 248 pages.
The scientific journal "Acta Palaeontologica Polonica" has an ISSN number of "0567-7920" and an LCCN number of 60040714. Its abbreviated name is "Acta_Palaeontol._Pol."
The academic discipline associated with the journal "Addiction" is addiction studies. The ISSN number for this journal is "1360-0443".
The scientific journal "Addiction" has an ISSN number of "0965-2140" and is published by Wiley-Blackwell, which is a subsidiary of John Wiley & Sons.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which is located in the state of New York and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
The book "Aenir" is authored by Garth Nix and is written in the English language. It is followed by another book titled "Above the Veil."
The country where the fictional story "Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians" takes place is the United States. The language used in the story is English.
The book "Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians" with OCLC number 78771100 is a hardcover publication with approximately 320 pages.
The novel "Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians" is set in the United States, a country where the primary language is English. English is also spoken in Great Britain.
A_Glastonbury_Romance author John_Cowper_Powys
The Administrative Science Quarterly has an ISSN number of "0001-8392" and is published by SAGE Publications. SAGE Publications was founded by Sara Miller McCune.
The capital city of the United States is Washington, D.C. Meanwhile, the country of A Severe Wasp is also the United States. The ethnic group indigenous to the United States are referred to as Native Americans.
The novel "A Wizard of Mars" is set in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and the language is English.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States. The United States is also the country of origin for the science fiction novel "A Wizard of Mars." Asian Americans are an ethnic group residing in the United States.
The United States is a country with a significant population of Asian Americans. Barack Obama was once the leader of the United States. A Wizard of Mars is also a concept associated with the United States.
The event known as "1634: The Ram Rebellion" took place in the United States, a country with African American ethnic groups and a President of the United States as its leader.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States. The United States is led by the President of the United States, and there is a significant population of Native Americans in the United States.
The city served by Abilene Regional Airport is Abilene, Texas. The airport's runway is named "17L35R".
Lake_Placid,_New_York state New_York
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes, and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway length of 3500 meters with the name 18L36R.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force.
The Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 3990 meters and is identified by the runway name "0826".
The United States Air Force operates Al Asad Airbase, which is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The airbase has a runway length of 3990 meters and the runway name is 09R27L.
The Al Asad Airbase operates under the United States Air Force (USAF), which has a history of participating in operations such as the Invasion of Grenada. The USAF employs various types of aircraft, including fighter jets like the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and attack aircraft like the Lockheed AC-130.
The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport, which is located in Pakistan and operates under the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport has a runway length of 2,900 meters.
Amsterdam is served by Schiphol Airport, which has a runway length of 2014 meters and is named "0927_Buitenveldertbaan". It is a city in the Netherlands.
The city served by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is Amsterdam. One of its runways is named "18L36R_Aalsmeerbaan".
The city served by Andrews County Airport is Andrews, Texas, and it is located within the state of Texas. The airport has a runway length of 929 meters.
Texas is a state in the United States with Austin as its capital and the demonym being Tejano. The term "Tejano" refers to people of Mexican descent born in Texas. Andrews County Airport is located within the state of Texas.
Texas is a country within the United States, and its language is English. Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, which has Austin as its capital city.
Angola_International_Airport cityServed Luanda
The Antwerp International Airport in Belgium has a runway length of 600 meters. It is owned by the Flemish Region and is operated by the Flemish Government.
Ashgabat country Turkmenistan
Athens_International_Airport cityServed Athens
Atlantic_City_International_Airport cityServed Atlantic_City,_New_Jersey
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, is located in the United States. Atlantic City International Airport, which is situated in Egg Harbor Township, serves the region. The airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority, with Stephen Dilts serving as its leader.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, which is located in Belgium. The official language of Belgium is German, and its leader is Charles Michel.
Antwerp International Airport is located in Antwerp, Belgium, which is a country in Europe with the capital city of Brussels and the leader being Philippe of Belgium. The language spoken in Belgium is French.
The Adirondack Regional Airport serves Saranac Lake, New York, which is a part of both Essex County and Harrietstown. Harrietstown is located in the United States.
The city of Fallujah in Iraq is served by Al-Taqaddum Air Base. Iraq is the country where this city is located, and its leader is Fuad Masum.
Al-Taqaddum_Air_Base cityServed Fallujah
Allama_Iqbal_International_Airport cityServed Lahore
The first runway surface type at Alderney Airport is Poaceae, which is a type of monocotyledonous plant belonging to the class Monocotyledons and the order Commelinids.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, and is a United States national. He spent a total of 100,305 minutes in space and was selected by NASA in 1963.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy), which is a higher honor than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He was also a crew member of Apollo 14, which was operated by NASA.
William_Anders birthPlace British_Hong_Kong
Buzz Aldrin, born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, holds a Sc.D. degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, class of 1963. He is retired from active duty and was a crew member on the historic Apollo 11 mission.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, and became a fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member of the historic Apollo 11 mission.
Buzz Aldrin, born as Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr., was a crew member of Apollo 11 and received 20 awards. Apollo 11 was operated by NASA.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
Alan Shepard, the astronaut who was the first American in space, passed away in California. California is represented in the United States Senate by Dianne Feinstein. The Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) is a military decoration that holds a higher rank than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Elliot_See almaMater University_of_Texas_at_Austin
William_Anders occupation Fighter_pilot
The building at 103 Colmore Row in Birmingham started construction in 1973 and was completed in 1976. It stands tall with a height of 23 floors.
South_Africa capital Cape_Town
Cleveland is a part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio in the United States. Its central location is 200 Public Square, and the city is governed by the Cleveland City Council.
The cost of 250 Delaware Avenue is 110 million dollars. It is located in Buffalo, New York, and has a floor area of 30,843.8 square meters and 12 floors.
Chicago is a city in the United States and is part of Cook County, Illinois. Its leader is Rahm Emanuel, and one of its notable locations is 300 North LaSalle.
The building 300 North LaSalle was completed in 2009 and is located in Illinois with a floor area of 120,770 square meters and a total of 60 floors.
Dublin is a part of the region of Leinster in Ireland. 3Arena, a popular entertainment venue, is located in Dublin and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark, is designed by the architectural firm 3XN. It is located in Copenhagen and is operated by Marriott International with a total of 23 floors.
County Limerick is a part of the Munster region. Adare Manor is located in Adare, and the local government is managed by Limerick City and County Council.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Akita is a part of Akita Prefecture, and Japan is a country with a significant population of Brazilians.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Akita is a part of Akita Prefecture and Japan is the country where this museum resides. Japanese Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita prefecture, Japan. Japan is home to a significant population of Vietnamese people.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Japan. Japan is a country with a significant population of Brazilians.
Alan B. Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way in Williamsburg, Virginia. It was completed on 1 June 2009 and is owned by the College of William & Mary.
Amdavad_ni_Gufa is a structure located in the Indian state of Gujarat. India is a country with leaders Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, were added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27, 1987. They were constructed in 1913 and have the reference number 87000823 in the National Register.
The Asser Levy Public Baths, located on Avenue A in Manhattan, were added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980. They were constructed in the year 1904. The reference number for this historic site is 80002709.
The borough of Brooklyn is a part of New York City. Manhattan, another borough in New York City, is led by Cyrus Vance, Jr. The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
New York City is a part of the United States, specifically the borough of Manhattan. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer. The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, a city with the leader named Andrew Mitchell and postal code B_postcode_area. He is the architect of 103 Colmore Row.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, a city with a Labour Party (UK) leader. The postal code for Birmingham falls under the B postcode area, and 103 Colmore Row is an architectural project designed by John Madin.
Amdavad_ni_Gufa is a site located in the Indian state of Gujarat. The current leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel.
Amdavad_ni_Gufa is a structure located in the Indian state of Gujarat. India is a country with leaders Narendra Modi and T.S. Thakur.
Akita Prefecture is located in Japan, where there is a significant population of Brazilians. The Akita Museum of Art is situated in Akita City, within the prefecture.
The capital city of the United Kingdom is London, where the Parliament of the United Kingdom holds its leadership. Queen Elizabeth II is the monarch of the United Kingdom. 20 Fenchurch Street is a location within the United Kingdom.
The United States is a country with the President of the United States currently being Joe Biden. The White House, located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington, D.C., is the official residence and workplace of the President. The United States has the English language as its primary language.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The United States has a significant population of Native Americans and its official language is English.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is a city in the United States with an area code of 505 and 575. It covers an area of 486.2 square kilometers and has a total area of 490.9 square kilometers. The population density of Albuquerque is 1,142.3 inhabitants per square kilometer.
Alpharetta,_Georgia is located in the United States and is a part of Fulton County, Georgia. The county seat of Fulton County is Atlanta.
Potter County, located in the United States, includes Amarillo, Texas. The United States is a country with a capital in Washington, D.C., and a significant population of African Americans as an ethnic group.
Amarillo,_Texas isPartOf Potter_County,_Texas
Anaheim, California is a part of the larger state of California in the United States. The California State Assembly, which is the lower house of the California State Legislature, holds its sessions at the California State Capitol. The language spoken in California is Spanish.
Anderson, Indiana covers an area of 107.43 square kilometers and has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometer. Its elevation above sea level is 268 meters, and it is part of the Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, and Union areas.
Angola, Indiana is a part of the United States and specifically located within Indiana, in Pleasant Township, Steuben County. It covers an area of approximately 16.55 square kilometers.
Antioch, California, with a population total of 102,372, covers an area total of 75.324 square kilometers. Its UTC offset is -7 hours, and its area code is 925.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, in the United States, covers an area of 44.125 square kilometers and has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometer. Its area code is 609, and it is governed by the Mayors of Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Auburn, Alabama is a part of Lee County, Alabama, which is a state in the United States. The United States is a country with Asian Americans as one of its ethnic groups.
Lee County, located in the United States and a part of the state of Alabama, is home to Auburn, Alabama. The United States is a country with a significant population of African Americans as one of its ethnic groups.
Pierce_County,_Washington country United_States
Auburn, Washington is a part of King County and the state of Washington in the United States. The capital city of the United States is Washington, D.C.
Hays_County,_Texas countySeat San_Marcos,_Texas
Anaheim, California is a part of the larger state of California. California has a significant Chinese-speaking population, and the California State Assembly, which governs the state, is located at the California State Capitol.
The state of Georgia in the United States is home to Alpharetta, a city that is part of the larger Georgia state. Fulton County, where Alpharetta is located, has its county seat in Atlanta.
Lafayette_Township,_Madison_County,_Indiana isPartOf Indiana
Texas is a state in the United States, and Arlington is a part of it. The language spoken in Texas is English, and its largest city is Houston.
The capital city of the United States is Washington, D.C., while Albany, Oregon, which is a part of Benton County, Oregon, is also located in the United States. The ethnic group most commonly associated with the United States is African Americans.
New Jersey is a state in the United States, and Atlantic City is a part of it. The capital city of the United States is Washington, D.C., and its largest city is New York City.
Albuquerque is a city located in the United States, which is a country with African Americans as one of its ethnic groups and Joe Biden as its current president.
Albuquerque is a city located in the United States, where the ethnic group Asian Americans reside. The United States has a capital city of Washington, and Albuquerque is also home to the New Mexico Senate.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Benton County in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is a city located in the United States. The United States has Native Americans as one of its ethnic groups and its capital is Washington. The leader of Albuquerque is the Mayor of Albuquerque.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups residing there.
Angola, Indiana is a part of the state of Indiana in the United States. The United States is a country with a large population of Asian Americans as one of its ethnic groups.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Pleasant Township in Steuben County, United States. The United States is a country with Asian Americans as one of its ethnic groups and the English language as its official language.
The fictional character Bananaman is broadcasted by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC). The BBC is headed by Rona Fairhead, and it produces BBC Radio.
The animated series "Bananaman" was first broadcasted on STV. It was created by Steve Bright and made its first appearance on October 3, 1983. Jill Shilling provided the voice acting for the show.
American Duncan Rouleau is the creator of Baymax, a character from the Big Hero 6 film series.
The comics character Bolt was created by Ernie Colón. Bolt is also known by the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky. Ernie Colón is a Puerto Rican nationality.
The Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian dish originating from the Lazio region. Its main ingredients include tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, and olive oil.
I apologize for the mistake in my previous response. The current leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella, not Pietro Grasso. Here's the corrected output:
Arròs negre is a traditional Spanish dish originating from the Catalonia region. It is made with white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, and cubanelle peppers. This delicious dish hails from the beautiful country of Spain.
Arròs negre is a traditional Spanish dish that originates from the Catalonia region. It is made with white rice, cuttlefish or squid, and cephalopod ink. The country where this dish is popular is Spain.
Arròs negre is a traditional Spanish rice dish. Spain is a country with a predominantly Spanish ethnic group. The region where arròs negre is popularly served is Catalonia, and its government is represented by the Parliament of Catalonia.
Asam Pedas is a location in Malaysia, specifically in the region of Sumatra. The majority ethnic group in Malaysia is the Malaysian Malay.
The area known as Asam Pedas is located in the region of Sumatra in the country of Malaysia. The predominant ethnic group in this region is the Malays.
United_States leaderName Barack_Obama
John Roberts is the leader of the United States. The country is also home to the Bacon Explosion and a significant population of Asian Americans.
The bacon sandwich is a food item from the United Kingdom. It can be considered a variation of the club sandwich. A common condiment used with a bacon sandwich is ketchup.
The bacon sandwich, also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rashers sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin, is a popular food item in the United Kingdom. It consists mainly of bread and bacon, with a condiment such as ketchup or brown sauce often used as an alternative.
Baked Alaska is a dessert originating from the United States. It is a type of ice cream cake consisting of ice cream and cake. The United States is a country with a significant population of African Americans as one of its ethnic groups.
Baked Alaska is a dessert originating from the United States. It is commonly associated with the regions of Paris, New York, or Hong Kong. Its main ingredients include meringue, ice cream, sponge cake, or Christmas pudding.
Baked_Alaska country France, United_States, or China
Baked_Alaska country United_States
The Bakewell pudding is a dessert variation known as a Bakewell tart. This dish hails from the region of Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire. A key ingredient used in the creation of a Bakewell tart is fruit preserves.
Bakso is a dish that is nationwide in Indonesia and also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries. It is made primarily from tapioca. The main ingredients of Bakso include ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots.
The Indonesian dish Bakso originates from the region of Indonesia and consists of noodles as its main ingredient. Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are some of its main ingredients. Bakso is a popular dish in the country of Indonesia.
The traditional Colombian dish called Bandeja Paisa is a part of the Colombian cuisine. Its main ingredients include red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharron, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado, and lemon. This hearty meal is popular in the Paisa region.
The traditional Colombian dish called Bandeja Paisa is a part of the Colombian cuisine. Its main ingredients include red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharron, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado, and lemon. This hearty meal is popular in the Paisa region.
The leader of France is François Hollande. Barny Cakes is a company based in France, where the official language is French.
The Indonesian dish Batagor is a variation of Siomay, and one of its ingredients is shiitake. Batagor is a dish from Indonesia.
The Philippines is the country where the dish Batchoy originates. Its main ingredients include pork, noodles, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef. Batchoy is a popular dish in the regions of La Paz and Iloilo City.
Batchoy is a soup from the Philippines. Its main ingredients include noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
The dish Beef kway teow is a popular food item in both Singapore and Indonesia. It is made with ingredients such as kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli, and sesame oil. Beef kway teow is a nationwide dish in Singapore. It is a country located in Southeast Asia.
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in both Singapore and Indonesia. In Singapore, the current leader is Halimah Yacob and the official language is Standard Chinese.
The Indonesian dish Beef kway teow is typically found in the region of Singapore. Its main ingredients include kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli, and sesame oil.
The vegetable dish called Bhajji is popular in the Karnataka region of India. It is also known as Bhajji, Bhaji, or Bajji. This dish is a part of Indian cuisine.
The dish called Bhajji, also known as "Bhaji, bajji," is made primarily from vegetables and gram flour. It is a popular dish in the Karnataka region.
The sweet potato is a root vegetable that belongs to the Solanales order. It is commonly used as a main ingredient in dishes such as Binignit, which also includes sago as another main ingredient. The sweet potato is a type of flowering plant.
The island of Binignit is located in the Philippines and is part of the Visayas region. The dish Binignit is made primarily with sago and coconut milk.
The Bionico brand is based in Mexico and specifically in the Jalisco region. Their product is a dessert made with granola.
The Bionico brand hails from Mexico and is specifically located in the region of Guadalajara. Its main ingredients include sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut, and raisins.
The country of Mexico is currently led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Bionico is a part of this nation.
Bakso is a food from Indonesia
The Indonesian dish Ayam penyet originates from the Java region and is associated with the ethnic group of Baduy. Ayam penyet is currently popular in the country of Singapore, where its leader is Tony Tan.
Batchoy is a dish that originates from the Philippines, where the predominant ethnic group is the Ilocano people.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines, where the ethnic group of the Igorotes reside. The Philippines is a country and its official language is Arabic.
The country of Binignit is the Philippines, where the official language is Philippine English. Binignit is a dessert dish, specifically a type of cookie.
The country of Binignit is the Philippines, where the official language is Philippine English.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorized as a contributing property and is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in the year 2000.
The capital city of Azerbaijan is Baku, and its leader is Artur Rasizade who holds the title of Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is located within Azerbaijan.
The capital city of Azerbaijan is Baku. The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, also known as "Türk Şehitleri Anıtı," is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who were killed in the Battle of Baku.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11, 1907. It is located within Monocacy National Battlefield, which is situated in Frederick County, Maryland, with the nearest city being Frederick.
The capital city of Turkey is Ankara, and its leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The Atatürk Monument in Izmir, also in Turkey, is made of bronze material.
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir, Turkey, was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on July 27, 1932. Turkey is a country with the President of Turkey serving as its leader title.
Jens_Härtel manages 1._FC_Magdeburg TRIPLE Jens_Härtel previously managed FSV_Zwickau
Rolando_Maran manager A.C._Chievo_Verona
Michele Marcolini is the manager of A.C. Lumezzane, but he previously managed A.C. Chievo Verona. He was born in Italy.
The chairman of A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is Antonis Milionis. The association has 1500 members and is a part of the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP. Their home ground is Efxeinoupoli.
Stuart_Parker_(footballer) role manager
Stuart_Parker_(footballer) playedFor Stockport_County_F.C.
Association Football Club Fylde, often referred to as A.F.C. Fylde, is a football club with a full name of "Association Football Club Fylde." They play their home games at Warton, Fylde, Lancashire. The club has approximately 3,180 members and participated in the 2014 season.
Association Football Club Fylde, often referred to as A.F.C. Fylde, is a football club with a full name of "Association_Football_Club_Fylde." Their home ground is located at "Bryning_Lane," and they have a membership base of approximately 3,180 members. In the year 2014, they participated in various football competitions.
Paulo Sousa was previously the manager of ACF Fiorentina. He has also managed Inter Milan and Juventus F.C. in his career.
AEK Athens FC is a football club that participates in Greece's Superleague, with a membership of approximately 69,618 individuals. The current season for the team is 2014.
Sportpark_De_Toekomst operator AFC_Ajax
The amateurs team of AFC Ajax, also known as "Joden, Godenzonen," has around 5,000 members and participated in the football league during the year 2014. This team is part of Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax.
John_van_den_Brom manages AZ Alkmaar. He previously managed AFC Ajax and is also the manager of the Netherlands national football team.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a Brazilian football club that participates in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Their home stadium, Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, is located in Alagoas. Vila Nova Futebol Clube was the champion of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is a football league competition held in Brazil. One of the teams participating in this league is Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. Their home stadium, Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, is located in the state of Alagoas.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is a football league competition held in Brazil. One of the teams participating in this league is Agremiação Sportiva Arapiracense. Their home stadium, Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, is located in Arapiraca.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is located in Akron, Ohio, which is a part of Summit County. Akron is in the United States. The grounds of St. Vincent–St. Mary High School are also known as St. Vincent–St. Mary Grounds, where an incident called the Akron Summit Assault took place.
I apologize for the mistake in my previous response. The current leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella, not Pietro Grasso. Here's the corrected output:
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Köln. He previously managed FC Admira Wacker Mödling and FK Austria Wien.
The AWH Engineering College is located in India and was established in 2001. The major river in India is the Ganges.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and is located in India, specifically at "Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090."
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and is located in Bangalore, India. Its director is Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar.
The All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai. The Acharya Institute of Technology in India offers tennis as a sport, and tennis is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The capital city of Romania is Bucharest. Alba Iulia is a city that is part of Alba County. The 1st of December 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia and is a higher education institution in Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is located in the Danish city of Aarhus. Denmark is the country, and its government type is magistrate. The current leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, has an academic staff size of 250. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The national anthem of Romania is "Deșteaptă-te, române!" Romania's capital city is Bucharest, and the country is home to the 1 Decembrie 1918 University. There is also a significant population of Germans in Romania, making up an ethnic group known as the Germans of Romania.
The capital city of Romania is Bucharest, and Alba Iulia is another city in Romania. The 1 December 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia. Romania is a country with Klaus Iohannis serving as its leader.
The novel "1634: The Bavarian Crisis" was authored by Eric Flint. He was born in Burbank, California. This work is a sequel to "Grantville Gazette III" and "DeMarce's short stories in the Grantville Gazettes".
The book "1634: The Ram Rebellion" was authored by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, and others. It is available as an e-book and contains 512 pages.
The United Kingdom, led by Queen Elizabeth II, publishes the scientific journal AIDS through Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
A_Fortress_of_Grey_Ice author "J.V. Jones"
The book "A Loyal Character Dancer" by Qiu Xiaolong has an ISBN number of "1-56947-301-3" and an OCLC number of 49805501. It is published in hardcover format.
The character "A Loyal Character Dancer" hails from the United States, a country with a significant population of Native Americans. The English language, which is spoken in Great Britain, is also used in the United States.
Soho Press is a publishing company based in the United States, where the language is English. "A Loyal Character Dancer" is a book published by Soho Press.
The novel "A Wizard of Mars" by Diane Duane has an ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2. It is a hardcover book containing 560 pages.
The mathematical journal Acta Mathematica Hungarica has an ISSN number of "0236-5294" and focuses on the academic discipline of mathematics.
The scientific journal Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has an ISSN number of "0567-7920" and is commonly abbreviated as "Acta Palaeontol. Pol." It covers the academic discipline of paleobiology.
The scientific journal Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has an ISSN number of "1732-2421" and is abbreviated as "Acta_Palaeontol._Pol." It is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences.
Cornell University is a member of the Association of American Universities. Cornell University also publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which is located in Ithaca, New York, in the state of New York. Cornell University is also a member of the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
The book "Aenir" by Garth Nix has an ISBN number of "0-439-17684-0" and is a paperback with 233 pages.
The country where Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is set is the United States. People of African American ethnicity reside there. English language, which is spoken in Great Britain, is the language used in the movie.
The Johns Hopkins University Press is a publishing company based in the United States. It is a part of Johns Hopkins University. The American Journal of Mathematics, published by Johns Hopkins University Press, was first published in 1878.
The country where Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is set is the United States. The United States is home to various ethnic groups, including Asian Americans, and its official language is English. English is also spoken in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars is a book written in the English language. The United States, where Barack Obama served as the leader, is a country that uses the English language and is also home to the city of Atlanta.
The United States is a country where the ethnic group consists of Asian Americans. A Wizard of Mars is a book written in the English language. The United States has Barack Obama as its leader.
The novel "A Wizard of Mars" is set in the United States, which uses the English language and was led by Barack Obama during some point in time. English is also the official language of Great Britain.
The A Severed Wasp is a work of art from the United States, where the predominant ethnic group is Asian Americans and the official language is English. The United States is led by Barack Obama.
Tirstrup is a location in Denmark, a country with the leader Margrethe II and the official language being Faroese. Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark Region and there is an airport named Aarhus Airport located there.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes, and Alcobendas, is operated by ENAIRE and features a runway named "14L32R" with a length of 4100 meters.
The Indian Air Force operates Agra Airport, which is located in India and has an ICAO Location Identifier of "VIAG" and a runway length of 1818 meters.
The United States Air Force operates Al Asad Airbase, which is identified by the ICAO code "ORAA" and is located in Iraq. The airbase has a runway with a length of 3990 meters and the runway name is "0826".
The Al Asad Airbase, identified by the ICAO code "ORAA," is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq, and is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 3992.88 meters and a runway name of 0826.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has a history of battles including the 1986 United States bombing of Libya. The United States Air Force utilizes various aircraft such as the Lockheed AC-130 for attacking, the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon for fighter jets, and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III for transport purposes.
The United States Air Force has battled in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, and they utilize transport aircraft such as the Lockheed C-130 Hercules and attack aircraft like the Lockheed AC-130.
The city of Alderney is served by Alderney Airport, which has a runway named "0826".
The Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and is located in the country. It serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310 meters with the name "18L36R".
The Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. It has a runway named "18R36L" with a length of 2900 meters. The airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore.
The city served by Alpena County Regional Airport is Alpena, Michigan. The airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, which is a part of the United States. The airport has a runway length of 1533.0 meters.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, in the United States. It serves the city of Alpena. The airport has a runway with a length of 1533.0 meters and the runway name is "725".
The city served by Alpena County Regional Airport is Alpena, Michigan. The airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County. Its runway is named "119".
Wilson Township, located in Alpena County, Michigan, is in the United States. Alpena County Regional Airport, which serves the city of Alpena, Michigan, is situated in Wilson Township. The airport has a runway length of 1533.0 meters.
The city served by Angola International Airport is Luanda, and it is located in Ícolo e Bengo. The airport has a runway length of 3800 meters and a runway name of "05L23R".
Athens_International_Airport cityServed Athens
Athens_International_Airport cityServed Athens
Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City, New Jersey, which is part of the state of New Jersey. Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, is also part of New Jersey. The leader of Atlantic City is Don Guardian.
The capital city of Belgium is Brussels, and it is home to Antwerp International Airport, which serves the city of Antwerp. The country of Belgium is led by Charles Michel, while Philippe of Belgium is another former leader. Antwerp is a city in Belgium.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is a part of Atlantic County and the state of New Jersey in the United States. Atlantic City International Airport is located within Egg Harbor Township.
Adirondack_Regional_Airport cityServed Lake_Placid,_New_York
Adirondack_Regional_Airport cityServed Lake_Placid,_New_York
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is located in Uttar Pradesh, which is a part of Awadh. The Indian Air Force uses helicopters such as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is located in Uttar Pradesh, which is a part of the region Bundelkhand. The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik. The Indian Air Force uses helicopters such as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Al-Taqaddum_Air_Base cityServed Fallujah
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, and holds American nationality. He was a test pilot before being selected by NASA in 1963. Alan Bean is a retired astronaut.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, received the Distinguished Service Medal from the United States Navy. This award is higher in rank than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders is a United States national who was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8. Frank Borman was the commander of this mission.
Buzz Aldrin, born on January 20, 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a United States citizen. He is a fighter pilot by occupation and was a crew member of the historic Apollo 11 mission.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, and is a United States nationality citizen. He began his career as a fighter pilot before becoming a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 mission. The Apollo 11 mission was operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin, born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, holds the occupation of a fighter pilot. He earned his Sc.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. Currently, Aldrin is retired. Notably, he was a crew member of the historic Apollo 11 mission.
The backup pilot for Apollo 11 was William Anders. Buzz Aldrin, who was a crew member of Apollo 11, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
Apollo_11 backup_pilot William_Anders
Alan Shepard passed away in California. California is known for its unique gemstone, benitoite. Two senators representing California are Dianne Feinstein.
Alan Shepard, a United States astronaut, was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy), which is a military decoration, and he also received the Department of Commerce Gold Medal, which is a civilian award. Shepard was a national of the United States.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and holds American nationality. He was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1, 1969.
The 200 Public Square was completed in 1985 and is located in Cleveland, which is a part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, in the United States.
The building located at 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York, is characterized by postmodern architecture. It was completed in January 2014 and covers a floor area of 30,843.8 square meters, with a total of 12 floors.
Springfield, Illinois is the capital city of the state of Illinois in the United States. Chicago, another major city in Illinois, is also located in the country and is currently led by Mayor Rahm Emanuel. The 300 North LaSalle building is a notable location in Chicago.
Marriott_International foundationPlace Washington,_D.C.
Marriott International, a foundation place in Washington, D.C., was started by Bill Marriott. Meanwhile, the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark, is tenanted by Marriott International.
Marriott International is headquartered in Washington, D.C., and Denmark is the country led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen. The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark, is one of the properties owned by Marriott International.
The country where Adare Manor is located is the Republic of Ireland. The current leader of the Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny. Augustus Pugin, who was born in Bloomsbury, designed Adare Manor. Augustus Pugin is also known for designing the significant building, Palace of Westminster.
The Addis Ababa City Hall building started construction in 1961 and was completed in 1964. It currently houses the Government of Addis Ababa and has a floor area of 140,000 square meters and a height of 42 meters.
The Akita Museum of Art is located at "1-4-2 Nakadori" in Akita, Akita, Japan. It has a total of three floors.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Japan is a country with a significant population of Chinese people and its leader is Tarō Asō.
Alan B. Miller Hall is an architectural work by Robert A. M. Stern located in Virginia. It is owned by the College of William & Mary and is currently tenanted by the Mason School of Business, which is based in the United States.
Ahmedabad is a city in India, where the Gujarat Legislative Assembly serves as the legislative body. The city is also home to Amdavad-ni-Gufa, a famous tourist attraction.
Ampara_Hospital is located in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of the Eastern Province is Austin Fernando.
The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The Eastern Province of Sri Lanka is governed by the Eastern Provincial Council. Sri Lanka is the country where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe. In Sri Lanka, there is a hospital named Ampara Hospital, which is located in the Eastern Province.
Asilomar_Conference_Grounds architect Julia_Morgan
Architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. She was born in San Francisco and is also known for her significant building, Asilomar State Beach, and project, Hearst Castle.
New York City is a major city in the United States and is part of the borough of Manhattan. Manhattan is led by Cyrus Vance, Jr. One notable attraction in New York City is the Asser Levy Public Baths.
The 103 Colmore Row building was designed by the British architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. Birmingham is governed by the Birmingham City Council, with John Clancy serving as its leader. The postal code for Birmingham is denoted by the 'B' postcode area.
The United States is a country with Washington, D.C. as its capital. The President of the United States during that time was Barack Obama, and 250 Delaware Avenue is a location within the country.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The United States is a country with Asian Americans as one of its ethnic groups and a president as its head of state.
Alpharetta, Georgia is a city located within Fulton County in the state of Georgia in the United States. The largest city in Fulton County is Atlanta. The United States is a country with a large population of Native Americans and its capital is Washington.
The United States is a country with the capital Washington, D.C., and its official language is English. Amarillo, Texas is a part of Potter County, which is located in the state of Texas within the United States.
The capital city of Texas is Austin, while Amarillo is a city that is part of Potter County in Texas, which is itself a state in the United States. The language spoken in Texas is English.
The capital city of Texas is Austin, while Amarillo is a part of Potter County, which is located in the state of Texas in the United States. The language spoken in Texas is English.
Anderson, Indiana covers an area of 107.43 square kilometers and is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana, which is located in the United States. The population density of Anderson, Indiana is 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometer.
Antioch, California is a part of the larger state of California. California is a state in the United States with the English language as its official language. Antioch, California falls under California's 11th State Assembly district.
Atlanta is a city in the United States with an area of 344.9 square kilometers and a total area of 347.1 square kilometers. Its area code is 404 and it is located in DeKalb County, Georgia. The population density of Atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometer.
The town of Attica, Indiana covers an area of 4.14 square kilometers and is located at an elevation of 166 meters above sea level. It is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana and has a population density of 783 inhabitants per square kilometer.
The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C., and it is located in the country of the United States. Auburn, Alabama is a part of Lee County, which is a county in the state of Alabama.
The city of Auburn, Washington covers an area of approximately 77.41 square kilometers and is part of King County in the United States. Its population density is around 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometer.
The county seat of Williamson County, Texas is Georgetown, and the largest city is Round Rock. Austin, which is also part of Williamson County, is the capital city of Texas, where the official language is English.
The county seat of Hays County, Texas is San Marcos. Hays County is also home to Austin, which is a part of the larger state of Texas. The language spoken in Texas is English, and its largest city is Houston.
The county seat of Hays County, Texas is San Marcos. Hays County is also home to Austin, which is a part of the larger state of Texas. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish, and its largest city is Houston.
Indiana is a state in the United States, with Alexandria being a part of Indiana and specifically Madison County. The capital city of Indiana is Indianapolis, and English is the predominant language among English-speaking Americans in the state.
Tarrant County, Texas, with its county seat Fort Worth, is a part of the larger Texas state. Arlington is also a part of Tarrant County and Texas. The largest city in Texas is Houston, and the language spoken in Texas is Spanish.
Texas is a state in the United States, with its capital being Austin. Arlington, Texas is a part of Tarrant County and also a part of the state itself. Tarrant County's largest city is Fort Worth.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States, which is a country in North America with New York City as its largest city. The United States is home to various ethnic groups including White Americans. Atlantic City, a part of New Jersey, is also located within the United States.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States and is part of Linn County, Oregon. The United States has a capital city of Washington, D.C. and a significant population of Native Americans.
The capital city of the United States is Washington, D.C., and its residents are referred to as Americans. Albany, Oregon is a part of the state of Oregon in the United States.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County, in the United States. The United States has a significant population of African Americans and the official language is English.
The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. Auburn, Alabama is a part of Lee County, Alabama, which is located in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Lee_County,_Alabama countySeat Opelika,_Alabama
Trenton is the capital city of New Jersey, which is a state in the United States. Atlantic City is also part of New Jersey, and its largest city is Newark.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is a city located in the state of New Mexico in the United States. The President of the United States serves as the leader of the country.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County, in the United States. The United States has Asian Americans as one of its ethnic groups.
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of the United States. Akron, Ohio, which is a part of Summit County, is also located in the United States. The United States is home to various ethnic groups, including Native Americans. The President of the United States during this time was Barack Obama.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The United States is led by the President of the United States.
Duncan Rouleau is an American nationality creator of Baymax, a character from the Big Hero 6 film. Alan Tudyk stars in the movie.
The Arem-arem tribe is located in Indonesia, a country with the currency Indonesian rupiah and the Indonesian language. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla, and the Arem-arem people reside nationwide in Indonesia, but more specifically in the Java region.
The town of Asam Pedas is located in Malaysia, where the predominant ethnic group is Malaysian Chinese. It is situated in the regions of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula. The capital city of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
The town of Asam Pedas is located in the regions of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. Malaysian Indians are an ethnic group in Malaysia, and the capital city of the country is Kuala Lumpur.
The town of Asam Pedas is located in the region of Sumatra in Malaysia. Malaysia is a country with its capital at Kuala Lumpur, and the ethnic group residing there is Malaysian Indian.
Asam Pedas is located in Malaysia, which is led by Abu Zahar Ujang. The region where Asam Pedas is situated is the Malay Peninsula, and Malaysian Indians are one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia.
The Bacon Explosion is a dish originating from the United States, specifically the Kansas City metropolitan area. Its main ingredients include bacon and sausage.
United_States leaderName Paul_Ryan
The bacon sandwich, also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rashers sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin, is a popular food item in the United Kingdom. It consists mainly of bread and bacon, with a condiment such as ketchup or brown sauce.
France leaderName Manuel Valls
The Bandeja Paisa dish is a traditional dish from the Antioquia Department in Colombia. Lemons, which belong to the Rosids order and the Rutaceae family, are one of its ingredients.
Barny_Cakes country France
The Indonesian dish Batagor is a variation of Shumai. It hails from the country of Indonesia, where the current leader is Joko Widodo. Batagor is typically served with a peanut sauce.
The Indonesian dish Batagor is a variation of Siomay, and one of its ingredients is shiitake. Batagor is a dish originating from Indonesia, where the current leader is Joko Widodo.
The Indonesian dish Batagor is a variation of Shumai and is made in the country Indonesia. Its main ingredient is Shiitake. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla.
The individual known as Bhajji hails from India and is often referred to by the alternative names "Bhaji" or "bajji." Bhajji is a dish made primarily from gram flour, vegetables, and is a popular dish in the Karnataka region.
India leaderName T.S. Thakur
SNT
Bionico is a Mexican dish originating from the region of Guadalajara. It is made with sour cream as one of its main ingredients, along with chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut, and raisins. This dessert is popular in Mexico.
The country of Mexico, where the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto, is known for its Spanish language and the dessert dish Bionico, which is a variation made with honey. Mexico is the country in question.
The Bionico research institute is located in the region of Jalisco, Mexico. The current leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. The Bionico institute is known for its dessert course, which is a variation of honey.
Arròs negre is a traditional Spanish rice dish originating from the Catalonia region. Spain is the country where this dish is popular, and it is led by Felipe VI of Spain. The leader of Catalonia is Carles Puigdemont.
Italy capital Rome
Italy capital Rome
Italy capital Rome
The dish Ayam penyet originates from the Java region in Indonesia, where the primary ethnic group is the Javanese people. Ayam penyet is a nationwide dish in Indonesia, and it can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredient of Ayam penyet is fried chicken, which is made primarily from chicken.
The dish Ayam penyet originates from the Java region in Indonesia, where the predominant ethnic group is the Javanese people. Ayam penyet is now popular in the region of Singapore, which is governed by the leader Tony Tan and has English as its official language.
Batchoy is a dish that originates from the Philippines, where the ethnic group known as Chinese-Filipinos reside. The Philippines is the country in question.
Ajoblanco is a dish originating from Spain, where the ethnic group is made up of Spaniards. The language spoken in Spain is Spanish, and Andalusia, the region where Ajoblanco is commonly found, is led by Susana Diaz.
The dish Ajoblanco is a traditional Spanish food. It comes from the Andalusia region, which is currently led by Susana Diaz. Spain is the country where this dish originates.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in the year 2000 and is located at Seminary Ridge in the United States. It is categorized as a contributing property.
Adams County, Pennsylvania shares its southeastern border with Carroll County, Maryland. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, which is considered a contributing property, is located in Adams County.
Artur Rasizade is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, and the capital city of Azerbaijan is Baku.
The capital city of Azerbaijan is Baku, and its leader is Artur Rasizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is a significant landmark located within Azerbaijan. The National Assembly of Azerbaijan serves as the country's legislative branch.
The capital city of Turkey is Ankara, and it is governed by the President of Turkey. The Atatürk Monument is located in Turkey, which also has Istanbul as its largest city.
Michele Marcolini manages A.C. Lumezzane, an Italian football club. F.C. Bari 1908 is another Italian football club. Michele Marcolini's team plays on grounds located in Italy, which is led by Pietro Grasso.
A.F.C. Blackpool's manager is Stuart Parker, who previously managed Chesterfield F.C. as a footballer.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is an Italian football team that plays in the Serie D league. They hail from Italy, a country with the language Italian and President Sergio Mattarella. Serie D is the championship title held by S.S. Robur Siena.
Gus Poyet currently manages AEK Athens FC, but he previously managed Chelsea FC and Real Zaragoza.
Rome is the capital city of Italy, where the native people are called Italians. The language spoken in Italy is Italian, and the current Italian leader is Pietro Grasso.
The capital city of Italy is Rome, and the official language is Italian. The current leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella, and the people of Italy are referred to as Italians. The A.S. Gubbio 1910 football ground is located in Italy.
The AWH Engineering College, located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, has an academic staff size of 250. It was established in 2001.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and is located in Bangalore. The director of the institute is Dr. G.P. Prabhakumar, and it has approximately 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and is located in Bangalore, India. It has approximately 700 postgraduate students and is presided over by B.M. Reddy.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. This association has its headquarters in Brussels. Aarhus University is located in Denmark, which is a monarchy with Lars Løkke Rasmussen serving as its leader.
The AWH Engineering College, located in Kuttikkattoor, India, was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 members. It is a part of the Indian education system.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in India. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark has an academic staff size of 737. It was established in 1928 and is located in the city of Aarhus. Denmark is a country in Europe with Lars Løkke Rasmussen as its leader.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is a part of the European University Association. This university is located in the city of Aarhus. Aarhus is situated with Mols to its northeast. The European University Association, of which the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is a part, has its headquarters in Brussels.
The novel "1634: The Bavarian Crisis" was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It is followed by "Ring of Fire II" which is written in the English language. "1634: The Bavarian Crisis" is preceded by "Grantville Gazette II," which in turn is preceded by "The Grantville Gazette."
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University is a member of the Association of American Universities and is currently presided over by Elizabeth Garrett.
The country of the A Loyal Character Dancer is the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The publisher of this entity is Soho Press. English language is spoken in Great Britain.
The book "A Loyal Character Weaves a Magic Spell" is published by Soho Press and is related to the United States, where the predominant ethnic group is Native Americans and the official language is English. English is also spoken in Great Britain.
Soho Press is a publishing company based in the United States, where the ethnic group is Asian Americans. One of their published works is "A Loyal Character Dancer" by Rattawut Lapcharanont. The United States has the English language as its official language, which is also spoken in Great Britain.
The capital city of the United States is Washington, D.C. The country of A Severe Wasp is also the United States. The ethnic group native to the United States are the Native Americans, and the English language is both spoken in the United States and in Great Britain.
The novel "Into Battle" is written by Australians. It follows the novel "Above the Veil," and is preceded by "Aenir." "Castle" is another novel that comes before "Aenir."
The A Severed Wasp is a work of art from the United States, where the ethnic group is Asian Americans and the language spoken is English. The United States is led by Barack Obama and English is also spoken in Great Britain.
The work of art titled "A Severed Wasp" hails from the United States, a country with a significant population of Asian Americans and an official language of English. English is also spoken in Great Britain.
The United States, led by Barack Obama during this time, is a country with a significant population of Asian Americans. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C., and one historical event that took place there was the Ram Rebellion in 1634.
United_States leaderName Barack_Obama
The country of United States is where A Wizard of Mars is located. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, and the language spoken there is English. The United States is led by the President of the United States.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932, in Wheeler, Texas. He is a United States citizen, a test pilot, and a retired astronaut who has spent a total of 100,305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire, received the Distinguished Service Medal from the United States Navy. He was also an operator for NASA during the Apollo 14 mission. The Distinguished Service Medal is a military decoration that ranks below the Defense Distinguished Service Medal and above the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal. It is awarded to members of the United States Armed Forces for exceptionally meritorious conduct, especially in a combat zone. Alan Shepard also holds the distinction of being the first American in space and the fifth man to walk on the moon. The Distinguished Service Medal is considered a higher award than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alfred Worden was the backup pilot for the Apollo 12 mission. Alan Bean, another crew member, was born with the name Alan LaVern Bean and retired from NASA in June 1981. The Apollo 12 mission was operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin, a United States national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He began his career as a fighter pilot and later earned a Sc.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. In 1963, Aldrin was selected by NASA and went on to become a crew member of Apollo 11, the mission that first landed humans on the moon.
Buzz Aldrin, born on January 20, 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, holds a Sc.D. degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, awarded in 1963. He was a crew member of the historic Apollo 11 mission. William Anders served as the backup pilot for this mission.
Buzz Aldrin, born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a fighter pilot and a national of the United States.
Buzz Aldrin, born on January 20, 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, received his Sc.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and went on to become an astronaut and a fighter pilot. He was also a crew member of the historic Apollo 11 mission.
Alan Shepard, who passed away in California, was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy). California is known for its fossil, the Smilodon, its gemstone, Benitoite, and its senators, including Dianne Feinstein.
William Anders attended the Air Force Institute of Technology with an M.S. degree in 1962. He is a United States national, born in British Hong Kong. He retired from the military on September 1, 1969, and had a career as a fighter pilot. He was also a crew member of Apollo 8.
The Apollo 8 mission was crewed by Frank Borman, Jim Lovell, and William Anders. William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and retired from NASA on September 1, 1969. The mission was operated by NASA.
William Anders graduated from the Air Force Institute of Technology with an M.S. degree in 1962. He is currently retired. The Apollo 8 crew members included Frank Borman, and the mission was operated by NASA.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in the year 2000 and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is categorized as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorized as a contributing property.
The capital city of Azerbaijan is Baku, with its leader being Artur Rasizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, made of red granite and white marble, is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial was designed by Huseyn Butuner and Hilmi Gurer.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade. The memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is also known as the "Türk Şehitleri Anıtı."
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is a historic district located in Frederick County, Maryland, in the United States. It was established on July 11, 1907. This monument falls under the category of historic districts in the United States.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, located in Ticino, Switzerland, is a school with a staff size of 100. It was established in 1996 and is now headed by Mario Botta, who serves as its dean. The country where this academic institution is situated is Switzerland.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, India, and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its campus is situated on Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Soldevanahalli. The institute has approximately 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India, and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was established in the year 2000 and is currently presided over by B.M. Reddy. The country where this institute is situated is India.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. It is located in Denmark, a country ruled by a monarchy with Lars Løkke Rasmussen serving as the leader. Denmark is also known for its Church of Denmark as its dominant religion.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. It is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. The dean of the school is Thomas Pallesen.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 and is located in the state of Kerala in India. India is a country with its largest city being Mumbai and a major river, the Ganges.
Romania's national anthem is "Deșteaptă-te, române!" The country's capital is Bucharest, and it is home to the 1 Decembrie 1918 University. Romania's ethnic groups include the Germans of Romania, and the country's leader is Klaus Iohannis. Saint Andrew the Apostle is Romania's patron saint.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is located in the city of Aarhus. It has an academic staff size of 737 and approximately 16,000 students. Denmark is a country in Europe with its leader being Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin with a B.S. in 1955. He was born on March 15, 1932, in Wheeler, Texas, and holds American nationality. Bean began his career as a test pilot and later retired. He was part of the crew for Apollo 12.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923, in New Hampshire. He graduated from the Naval War College with an M.A. in 1957. Shepard was selected by NASA in 1959 and became an astronaut. He was a test pilot and died in California. Alan Shepard was born in the United States and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was a test pilot and died in California. Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923, in New Hampshire. He graduated from the Naval War College with an M.A. in 1957. Shepard was a test pilot and died in California. Alan Shepard was born in the United States and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was a test pilot and died in California. Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923, in New Hampshire. He graduated from the Naval War College with an M.A. in 1957. Shepard was born in the United States, was a test pilot, and died in California. Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923, in New Hampshire. He graduated from the Naval War College with an M.A. in 1957 and was born in the United States
Alfred Worden was the backup pilot for the Apollo 12 mission. Alan Bean, who was also part of the Apollo 12 crew, was an American test pilot born in Wheeler, Texas. Alan Bean's nationality is American, and he held the occupation of a test pilot before becoming an astronaut. David Scott commanded the Apollo 12 mission.
Buzz Aldrin, born on January 20, 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, holds a Sc.D. degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, awarded in 1963. He began his career as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of the historic Apollo 11 mission. Alternatively known as Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr., Aldrin studied at MIT.
Buzz Aldrin, born on January 20, 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a national of the United States. He holds a Sc.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, awarded in 1963. Before becoming an astronaut, Aldrin served as a fighter pilot in the U.S. Air Force. He has spent a total of 52 minutes in space as a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin, born on January 20, 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, holds a Sc.D. degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, awarded in 1963. He is a United States national, retired, and was a crew member of the historic Apollo 11 mission. Aldrin has received approximately 20 awards throughout his career.
Buzz Aldrin, born on January 20, 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a retired American astronaut who was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of the historic Apollo 11 mission. The United States space agency, NASA, operated the Apollo 11 mission. Aldrin was born in the United States.
Buzz Aldrin, a United States national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He earned his Sc.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. Aldrin retired from active duty and was a crew member of the historic Apollo 11 mission, which was operated by NASA.
William Anders was born on October 17, 1933, in British Hong Kong. He became a fighter pilot and later retired on September 1, 1969. He was a crew member of Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot for the Apollo 8 mission. William Anders, another crew member, was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1, 1969. He was a national of the United States. The Apollo 8 mission was crewed by Frank Borman and operated by NASA.
William Anders was born on October 17, 1933, in British Hong Kong. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became an astronaut. He retired from NASA on September 1, 1969, having spent a total of 8820 minutes in space as a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 8.
The capital city of Turkey is Ankara, and it is home to the Atatürk Monument, which was inaugurated on July 27, 1932, and is made of bronze. Turkey's largest city is Istanbul, and its leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The country's currency is the Turkish lira. The Atatürk Monument is located in Turkey.
The capital city of Turkey is Ankara, and the President of Turkey holds the leader title. The Atatürk Monument, located in Turkey, is made of bronze and was inaugurated on July 27, 1932.
The capital city of Turkey is Ankara, and it is home to the historic Atatürk Monument, which was inaugurated on July 27, 1932. Turkey's largest city is Istanbul. The country's leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu, who holds the title of President of Turkey. Turkey's currency is the Turkish lira.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is a Swiss academic institution located in Mendrisio, with a staff size of 100. It was established in 1996 and is currently headed by Dean Mario Botta. The school has a student body of 600 individuals. It is situated in the country of Switzerland.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It was established in the year 2000 and is currently directed by Dr. G.P. Prabhakumar. The institute is presided over by B.M. Reddy and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence." It is situated in the state of Karnataka.
Karnataka, a state in India, borders the Arabian Sea to its west. The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka and offers tennis as one of its sports. Tennis is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The national anthem of Romania is "Deșteaptă-te, române!" Romania's capital city is Bucharest, and one of its notable universities, 1 Decembrie 1918 University, is located in Alba Iulia, which is also in Romania. The ethnic group residing in Romania includes Germans of Romania. The President of Romania is Klaus Iohannis, and he holds the title of Prime Minister of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark has an academic staff size of 737. It is located in the city of Aarhus and is part of the European University Association. The university was established in 1928 and its dean is Thomas Pallesen. Denmark, where the School is located, is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen. The School is also affiliated with Aarhus University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. It is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark, which is governed by a magistrate. Denmark, where the School is situated, is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen, who holds the title of Monarchy of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. It is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark, and was established in 1928. The dean of the school is Thomas Pallesen, and it is known by its Latin name, Universitas Aarhusiensis. The school has a student population of approximately 16,000.
